Welcome. Welcome. Welcome to armchair expert experts on expert. Uh, I'm deck shepherd. Who are you? Lily Padman. That's me. Today. We have a legendary chef on grant. He is the restaurant tour who owns a linear and has one numerous accolades and is one of Wabi Wob's biggest questions. It's true. And he's a linear for people who don't know. It's basically the United States best restaurant. It had been many years in a row. Yeah. It's an incredible place. Uh, and he's an incredible chef with an incredible story. Um, yeah. Um, yeah. What, what, what could be the worst thing that could happen to a chef? And that's what happened. Please enjoy grant. We get support from quince. Have you been wearing the quince linen shirts? Uh, yeah. I've been wearing them a suspicious amount. Yeah. European linen ones. They're 34 bucks, which is genuinely insane for how nice they are. It doesn't even make sense. Well, here's the deal. They work directly with the factories, cut out all the middlemen. So you're paying for the actual quality and not some brand's marketing budget. Everything's 50 to 80 % less than comparable stuff. I love it because it's all very classic and traditional. And I know I'm going to be able to keep it for a very long time. And the quality's off the charts. That's true. The style is very consistent. Whatever you get there, you walk down the street. You're going to look good. They have these lightweight cotton sweaters, which I love for when it cools down at night. It's nice drape around your shoulders in the summer and then throw it out when it gets a little cool. And it's not just clothes. They do home stuff, ding, ding, ding, travel stuff, everyday essentials. It's all the same model quality without the markup. Make your summer wardrobe easier. Go to quince .com slash DAX for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. Now available in Canada too. That's q -u -i -n -c -e .com slash DAX for free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince .com slash DAX. This episode is sponsored by BetterHelp. So Monica, here's something that really stuck with me. BetterHelp's 2026 state of stigma report surveyed 2000 Americans and revealed that 85 % of Americans believe getting support is wise. It's 74 % say society discourages people from doing so. That's a huge gap. Most of us agree therapy is a good thing, but there's still something holding some people back from actually going. Right. And I think that's where just talking about it, normalizing it makes a difference. I mean, as you know, I'm obsessed with therapy. I've been in it consistently for years and years and years. And I have said this and I shouldn't say it, but I do think if you're struggling and you've been struggling for a while and you haven't sought therapy, I judge you a little bit. Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah, I know what I'm not. And I got to go to therapy to work on that, you know, but also there are options for you. You can help yourself and BetterHelp makes that first step easier. They match you with the license therapist based on your needs and with over 30 ,000 therapists and 12 plus years of experience, they typically get the match right the first time. Don't let stigma stand in the way of support. Start therapy with BetterHelp. Sign up and get 10 % off at BetterHelp .com slash DAX. That's better H -E -L -P dot com slash DAX. I don't know if you know this. Are you so savvy that you know the gold and the Boston matches, the trunks? Almost identical. Well, I mean, I thought. Did you know you clocked that? Yeah, of course. Okay. God, you really know what you're doing. How much thought did you put into this? My outfit. Yeah. I put nine. Yeah. Okay. Well, it's great. You've surrendered that to someone else. Yeah, I know my strong suit. Rob, do you know where the sprays are in my house? If I don't have a nicotine spray, I can't continue. You can't function. I'm going to say. Have you ever been a nicotine addict? Never. Oh my God, that seems hard to imagine. We're both Michiganders. Yeah. It's almost the same age. Yeah. I think you're maybe eight months older than me. Is that right? Thank God, yeah. You were in Norfolk. Milford, Highland, Dearborn Detroit. Okay. You're St. Clair? Yeah. Not St. Clair Shore. Not. Everybody is so long. Yes. Big difference. You're the difference. Yes. You would think Monica, right? St. Clair, St. Clair Shores. What could be the difference? Yes. This is like making making counties that have to be you. Georgia. Yeah. Yeah. So walk me through St. Clair. I'm pretty sure it's similar to Milford, conceptually. Smaller. 3 ,000? Yeah. Probably now more than that. But back then, no fast food restaurant. That's how small they were. Every social town. How many stoplights? Two. And did you go to, like, did they have St. Clair High School? Yeah, just one high school. How many kids were in there, do you know? In my graduating class, probably not more than 100. Oh, really? It was really small. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And you drove a fucking GTO in high school? Yeah. Come on. What, a 70? A 70, yeah. Tell me about that car. When I was 14, my father said, look, how are you not? When you turn 16. And I just said a fast one. As you go. Yeah. And I love muscle first. In my head, I was like, oh, he's gonna buy me a muscle first, right? Right. Right. It didn't turn out like that for the better. So he went out and found a GTO that was in boxes. It was off the frame. I mean, it was a mess, right? Someone had started a restoration and bailed. Yeah, $1 ,400. That's what we paid for. Oh, no. And for two years, we took it all apart and built it all back up. How did your dad have that kind of mechanical prowess? I mean, I think a lot of it was just, again, that small town, Michigan. Manliness, right? A man had to know how to turn a wrench. Right. And then we bought the manual. Pioneer pushed out. All of those, of course, they had manuals on literally how to push them together. Right, right, right. So here we are, like, feeding through that and buying the tools. And I can't believe it ran, to be honest with you. Honestly, really. Yeah. Hey, were you the king of your high school with that sweet ride? Because in Michigan, if you drove a rad car, it really meant something. That was a symbol. Yes. I had a Mustang GT that I bought similarly for $1 ,800. And yeah, I think that elevated me a few nonsense. Yeah, I think so. I wasn't very cool. No, I saw a picture of you. You've got your tightroll jeans. Yeah. You've got a fucking gorgeous swong, short front, long and back. So that I should have kept that because that's in. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It would be down to your ankles by now. It's called a swong. That's one of the names for short and front long. Pick your poison with that. What kind of dude were you in high school? Super shy. Did not apply myself unless it was with my hands or some sort of art. I thought it was going to be an artist. I never drank, never smoked. Tight, tight group of five guys. That was it. So mom and dad owned more than one. Yeah, restaurant? Only one at a time. One at a time. Yeah. But it was a family designer, breakfast on a shirt of seven days a week. And like how many tables are inside this place? It probably holds 150 people. Because I was doing the math when I heard you say the town was 3 ,000 at that time. And I was like, man, even if 10 % of the community that you're restaurant, I'm not trying to do the finances of it. Right. It was the place that everybody gathered. Every morning they was from the same table. They didn't even have to order. Oh, that's the best. And that was a really wonderful time. What is funny though, when you're in a small town, like assuredly your peers thought you guys were loaded. Because when you're a kid and someone's parent owns a business in town, you just think they're rich. I have no idea what the findings are. Yeah, I was an only child. They spoiled me. Oh, wow. Well, yeah, the car. Did you have dirt bikes? Four wheelers. Four wheelers, you son of a bitch. Yeah, I grew up on dirt bikes and I made the transition when I was like 12. I'm so grateful I had that childhood, are you? Oh, yeah. I would be close to who I am today. Yeah, I even thinking about what I've learned about how seasonal your preparation is and how you think about oak leaves burning in particular. You're obsessed with figuring out how to get that smell into food. I wonder, is that us? Does everyone have that nostalgia for burning leaves? It was interesting. When we were working on those concepts, I would be like, hey, where did you grow up? And if they were in Texas, there's no place, right? Yeah. It wasn't prevalent. Some people live in California were mostly everything. So how do you find that touchstone that is able to really make people go back in time? Yeah. That's a very powerful thing. Yeah, it really, really is. Almost the most. Had you not gone away to, again, I love the acronyms because CIA, Culinary Institute of America, but was it their ice to international cook? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. They need a rebrand big time. All right. It's so funny. It is funny. Had you not gone to CIA, did you have any other... No, it was... I had no backup. Okay, no backup. No other interest. Ashigenically, I was terrible in high school. So it wasn't like I was going to a university like all my friends. Right. I was like, this is it, but I really loved it. Do you think you had any advantage having minimally cooked at the diner? For sure. What kind of advantage do you arrive with? Like some mechanical ability? Nice skill. Yeah, there was nice shows. There was honestly a lot of the grit, a lot of the stress, a lot of that environment, the sense. And you have to figure it out. Your domain is where I probably am the most ignorant. So forgive me when I make a bunch of dumb observations. But I'd also imagine you have a relationship with heat. Like I cook enough. Then I know over time, I look at that flame. I know what that flame is going to give me. I know what kind of time I want something on there. If I want to be golden. I would imagine too, you've also have a pretty good relationship with heat. So a lot of the modernist technique is sous vide. Uh huh. And so everybody would own a sous vide. You're putting food in a bag essentially. And placing that in a water bath. But you have to have the water for the right temperature. So I'm pretty good at just putting my food in there and knowing what temperature it is. Yeah, that's cool. Yeah, my wife always teaches me great. I shouldn't take salt and know how many grams I have in my eyes. Yeah, it must have memory. Just doing something over and over again for four years or whatever. What at CIA was the most challenging? What was the deficit you had that you were like, I'm having a hard time with this? Probably back then. It was my false sense of ability. A little air against me? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, because a lot of the people that start there have never footed before. Oh, wow. I was younger. I was only 19 years old. Area and I was like, man, I'm better than all these. Yeah. That helped me back a little bit. I learned that lesson fast, so. It kind of takes up personality a little bit though. I agree. There's a certain. Confidence and you put yourself out there too. The footy I'm doing now. Yeah. Yeah, you're a bit vulnerable. Yeah. Yeah, you're trying to get that perfect ratio of arrogance that can foolishly make you try something. Maybe you should try. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It's a real balancing act. For me, I was so young. And most of the students were over 21. So they would go party on the missions. Yeah. And I was just reading truth books. Oh, OK. And I think that was a very fortunate thing for me too. I was like, focus. So that was the foundation. I would have been like, oh, I'm in New York. I have this now degree. I would go down to New York City. Yeah. This is like the natural trajectory. Why did you choose to go to Chicago and not go to New York? So originally I went back to a hotel in Grand Rapids to Emily. And the chef that was running the hotel, he became a mentor. And upon graduation, he was like, come back for a couple months. And we'll find the spot for you in Europe. And for the apprentice over there, and learn, and blah, blah. So I went back to Grand Rapids and it never worked out. So then I just went on a big search. I'm on the work for the best chef and the best restaurant. And that was it. That's all that matters. Which at the time was Charlie Trotter. Yeah. Okay, so talk about the kind of legacy of Charlie Trotter in Chicago. Yeah. This would have been, what, 90? 90? I haven't written down. I can tell. He had a 25 year run of kind of being the big dog. Yeah. So how did you get that job? I wrote him a letter with my hands several times. And so finally he called me. Oh, no. And I went down there for a tryout. I was still in Grand Rapids. I remember I wanted to eat at the restaurant before I tried out. Because I wanted to see what type of ingredients they had. I wanted to look at the plateware. And again, I was putting money in mine. I had this giant, hilariously over baggy, like JC Penney soup time. I worked there for three days. And it was a tryout. And they offered me a job. So I moved down. Okay, so I wanted to talk about the culture of Charlie Trotter. And then we'll compare it to Keller. Because I think this is kind of fascinating both work. Let's talk about the massive difference. So it was the vibe at Charlie Trotter. Trotters was intense in a way that wasn't in the service of what we were doing. And I felt like it was getting in the way of that. Charlie was a master manipulator. He said, right inside your head, it's just post -frames. It was unbelievable. Yeah, what for? Like power? Maybe? If you're generous, I think it's like, look, for whatever reason, that was his technique. And for whatever reason, the results were the results. So once you have the results you want, you're not likely to go re -engineer your approach. And probably he worked in kitchens, he picked up these little things along the way. I mean, we do, let me see. And until you can break that cycle, I never saw him, which, you know, hey, again, he was successful, right? So the formula worked for him. It was odd to me. Yeah, you said he was like a conductor, not a musician. Right, a conductor from afar. But the food was amazing. And the talent was amazing. And a lot of ways it showed me what I didn't want to do, how I didn't want to manage. But at the same time, I was so young. And that restaurant was so good. It was hard to not go, this is the way to do it. Of course, yeah. The proof is in the pudding. But that's how the cycle happens, I think. How did he design that incredible menu, or did he have help, or if he wasn't really cooking, how did he come up with that aspect of it? He was super intelligent. He went out in eight. And then assimilated, brought all that in, and then sort of moved the puzzle pieces around the bed. So he like was a curator of, oh, they're great dishes. Layers, and you know, techniques. And then he would have us execute it. Explain how he'd yell at you. I found this to be really fascinating. He would not yell at the person. He would yell at either the person who directly next to you, or the person that was supposed to be supervising you. I remember the first time it happened. It is a double hit, because he's yelling. He's made it very clear that you did something wrong. So now you're at fault. But he's dressing down the person next to you. So now you feel bad for them. It's like torturing a loved one. Psychological. No, that is why. Come on over at the time you had some extra basil on your cutting board. It was a very sharp person that knew how to draw a metaphor in analogy and just paint it right in you. At one point, I was shipping it out in some basil, and I had more than I needed. Not by a lot, but by a little bit. And I wiped it off my phone board into the trash can, and he happened to see it. He walked over, and he was very soft -spoken, very polite. He was like, chef, do you have any heavy wallet with you? And as a matter of fact, I did, which was very unusual to have it in the kitchen, so I dated out and he goes, I mean, money in there. And I'm like, yes. He was pulling out for me. So I pulled it out. I had a fight on one, and he picked it up. He looked at it, threw it in the trash. He goes, you're stealing from me. So I just stole from you. Yeah, that's what you just did. And again, all of this hard knocks at the time was tough. Yeah. But lesson learned. And by the way, I always think, in my experience, the very first movie I did happened to be the hardest movie I ever did in my life. It was like, in another country, we were in cold water half the time. It was so much. And I was like, oh, wow, this is movies, man. It's on. It's been way easier ever since. And I'm like, oh, that's the way to do it. Yeah, but that's like having an abusive stepdad. And then you have a nice stepdad. And it's like, yay. It's like, it's so happening. Yeah, exactly. It's like, you shouldn't have had an abusive stepdad. Right. The funny part of that is I didn't touch that money. I mean, he lost the way it stayed right there. Wow. Because I'm like, if I was for Hitler, well, if you excuse me. Yeah. It feels like a test. Yeah. Like the second part of his psychological life. Right. It was like, do you pick it up out of the tree? Right. Oh my god. I thought he was going to cut it up like the baby. That way. That way. That way. He would have chopped it really fast. And you're like, oh, shit. Yeah. Right. So you're there for a year. Not even. Not even a year. Yeah, it was short. And how did you get yourself over to French Laundry? And tell me, because I wasn't aware of that at all in 95. How big was French Laundry already? Not that big. So Chef Keller took it over in 94. So we only opened a couple of years under him. After I left Proverbs, I went to Europe. And back then, France was where it was at. They moved down to Spain and other places, but then it was France. So I'm like, OK, it was a holy land of food. And very disciplined. Every meal I had was not. Oh. Like, oh. So now I'm really lost. I'm like, if Proverbs was a pinnacle in Latin America, I'm going to go try to find the elsewhere in Latin America. I came home and I was a bit lost. And I once again researched a bunch of restaurants and from the French Laundry, and was like, OK, it's a nappa. Worst case scenario, maybe I'll make mine. There's a lot of restaurants there. And wrote him a letter similarly. He called me up and he was like, you're either a bad shit for A .D., or you're going to be really good. And I landed there. By the way, you can be bold. I landed there and watched an Egyptian the first day, and there he was mopping the floor. Oh, wow. It felt so familiar because of my mother and father's restaurant. My dad would mop the floor. Yeah. You see the triceps full, you take it out. Doesn't matter who you are in the pecking order. Yeah. And it felt natural. Everything about it. We just blew by one point that I'm having a hard time grasping or relating to, which is at 20 years old, the fact that you went to France and you tried the food and you're like, that's not very good. I wouldn't fucking know. Like, I liked White Castle and Lafayette, 20 Island. But you are tasting food all the time. Well, that's my question is like, yeah, what order is it? Do you think it's just because you are getting so meticulous about all the ingredients and understanding what it's creating that that, in turn, changes your own palette? It's just interesting at that age to be able to even discern the difference between great and good food, I think. Part of it is here. But a lot of it is here. Okay. In your heart. Yeah. And the way in the illness you feel, even at that age, you knew when something was special. And that was another thing. Like, that fiche, stuffy French restaurant, I didn't want that. So all of that was filed away in 20 years after that became my ethos. The structure of a kitchen lends itself to abuse in a lot of ways, right? My stereotypical notion of some of these kitchens that have gone awry. It's like, this main chef is like a god. Yeah. And all the formalities to reinforce how powerful they are, those are serving you are. I mean, that whole system was based on the military hierarchy system. Oh, that's where it comes from? Historically, that never works out well. Yeah, yeah. There is that toxicity that ran rampant in the years past. Now the whole industry is coming through a lot of reform, a lot of change. Well, internet came along and your behavior is no longer that anonymous. Get away with this. The sanctity of that little kitchen is permeable. That's the good part. You can't get away with this kind of thing. I certainly have acted out in my earlier days, especially. It's hard to find that separation of pursuit of profession and the standards and being a human sometimes. Yeah, it's hard. It sounds bizarre. No, no. I also think it's the pressure. Someone sat down. The thing has to be not just perfect. It has to be perfect in 13 minutes or whatever the window of time is. Right. Yeah, it's a very stressful job. When I opened the window, it was 30. That's pretty young. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's pretty young to be in charge of 100 people, even more. So you're the owner or a fellow owner. So there's a lot of the entrepreneurial stuff that I never thought about. It was all about the food. In my business, for your hand, the most of it. But it was still there. So sometimes the pressures heard her popped off. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you know, never physically. It's just a little bit yelling here. Yeah, sure. Well, the fact that you named one of your boys, Kallar, lets me know how you feel about him. You arrived with one skill set and then you left with a completely different one. What did you pick up there and what were they doing that was novel? Just Intel people. That's a very traditional French cuisine, yeah? The first one I would say would be modern French. What does that mean? Through a lot of the rules of French cuisine and utilizing a little bit of the American humor. And food for the first time. Well, I remember the very first time I ate there. They put the oysters and pearls down in front of me. And I started laughing when they gave the description. And I was eating with my father. It was right before I was about to start. And he goes, why are you laughing? You know, we're in this fine dining restaurant, right? And I go, oysters and pearls, man. That's hilarious. Yeah, yeah. And it's delicious. Yeah. And that was the first time that I was like, oh, this should be fun. This should be emotional. This isn't quite cool. And so that really resonated with me. But Thomas' integrity, his willingness to not compromise. It was unprecedented. The fact that he was there, the first one in the last one out, I was there at the right time to find that role model. That really set the tone for my whole life. I did him a lot of it for my ability to push through cancer. Sure. I learned so much to be a chef, but a lot of life lessons. Yeah, like maybe the chef part wasn't the most important. Probably not. Yeah. But did he have an overarching theory about how he cooked that you began to understand? And what was that? Like, what was his north star? If you're really into foods, if you study it, it's your passion, you can look at a chef's food and understand the architecture of it. And the way that certain chefs season the food, they push with acid, the liberal assault, their hardness of texture. So you're able to understand the architecture and their aesthetic. The ingredients that they're always having their back pocket. And a lot of that with him was this emotional aspect of seasoning the food. So the oysters and pearls, the format that looks like a ice cream foam, coffee and doughnuts. Like, there's all of this sort of other stuff. And so if somebody read me a description of a dish, I would probably be able to tell you who created it. Oh no, Kenny. And visually, for sure. They have an aesthetic. Yeah. And they have a way that they communicate. It's like writing. There is a lot of storytelling. Yeah. Was there anything about the service there that you also clocked? You were like, oh, this thing works really well. They were very approachable. They were the opposite of France. You know, it felt like you were in somebody's home. Having a dinner party. It felt very comfortable and more. This is the only one of these restaurants I've actually eaten at. Probably 15 years ago. My wife and I were about to become vegan on January 1st. We were going to try to vegan. And it was like right before Christmas, and I'm like, maybe we should stop at that restaurant on our drive and let it rip before we go vegan. A lot of time. The reservation we got was like 930 at night. Yeah, we went there and we ate midnight. Yeah. And there were so many special things that happened. Our one experience there, there was this man eating next to us. And he looked sweet, so we started chatting with him. And he told us that he and his wife had always come there and that she had died like 10 years before from cancer and that every year on their anniversary, he comes and has this meal. That's sweet. Yeah, I was like, oh man, this is really so special. And there's just so many things that were and I'm uncouth. So a lot of this was new to me. Like even I got the truffle option. And the man comes out with this mahogany box in white gloves. And I said to Kristen, oh, I think he's going to murder something for us. Like I'm waiting to see a pistol get pulled out of this box, right? Then they educate you on truffles. And I'm like, how much is that one worth? Oh, that's like a $2 ,000. Wow, they're that much. Yeah. And I'm like, where do you buy? It's like a guy comes door to door. So it was a life event. Whatever the food was, it was phenomenal. I love things I hate. Like oysters and pearls. I don't like any of those things. They have just eaten things all the time. I'm like, no, I know, I don't like this. This place immediately built this trust where I was trying things I don't like. And everything was fantastic. It's on par with going to Disneyland. Like you should do it in your life. Yeah, it was like a real life experience. Right. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare, we are supported by all state. Checking all state first could save you hundreds on car insurance. Not checking what the warning light means before pulling out of your driveway. You absolutely convinced yourself it was probably just a sensor thing right up until you were standing on the side of the road waiting for a tow. Yeah, checking first is the right move. So check all state first for an auto quote. It could save you hundreds. And for fast, reliable help when you need it, add an all state roadside plan today. You're in good hands with all state potential savings. Very insurance and roadside assistance plans are subject to terms, conditions and availability. Insurance provided by all state, North American insurance company, Northbrook, Illinois. Roadside assistance plans provided by all state motor club, incorporated in all state affiliate. We get support from Apple gift card. Back to school is here. And for many, that means some big life transitions. Whether they're heading into a new grade or setting up a dorm for their very first time, you want to give them something that actually supports their growth and success. Apple gift card is a versatile solution because it takes the guesswork out of gifting. It's not just about a new pair of AirPods for focus. It's about giving them the invaluable chance to choose the digital tools and subscriptions that suit their unique journey. They can use it for productivity apps on the app store, movie nights on Apple TV or extra iCloud storage for all those new memories. I think it's really empowering to give the student the freedom to pick their own resources for their academic chapter because only they know what they really need and what tools they can use. Celebrate their new academic chapter. Visit apple giftcard .apple .com to celebrate their milestones and gift one today. We are supported by Armand Hammer toothpaste. I feel like so many parts of our lives have gotten a little over complicated, including toothpaste. There's always some new ingredient, new promise, new thing you're supposed to suddenly care about. Armand Hammer baking soda toothpaste keeps it simple. Powered by baking soda, a time tested ingredient you already know and trust for a clean you can actually feel. It removes up to three times more plaque and hard to reach areas compared to a leading toothpaste and it gently whitens. And if you hear baking soda and think wait, is that gentle enough? Armand Hammer is actually a less abrasive toothpaste and it is designed to protect an animal. Myth busted. It's also the number one dentist recommended baking soda toothpaste. I am a broken record on Armand Hammer toothpaste. I love it. I've been using it for years and years. My dad first introduced it to me and I've never gone back. I've also gotten a lot of people on it. And once you go to Armand Hammer, you won't regret it. My personal favorite is the Armand Hammer peroxy care toothpaste. It improves gum health while gently removing plaque and surface stains, but also just my mouth feels so clean after. They have so many, they have advanced white toothpaste, which is great. I also use that complete care toothpaste. Everything is perfect. Try Armand Hammer toothpaste to taste the difference. Feel the difference. Shop at your favorite retailer between August 2nd and August 15th to save $1 .50. Armand Hammer baking soda toothpaste. Save $1 .50, August 2nd through 15th. Now that's where ServiceNow's AI specialists come in. They don't just tell you what you should do about your busy work. They actually do it. Start to finish. Case is closed. Request's handled. No extra work for you. So you and your team can focus on what matters most, which for me is are they obsessed with male bodies on the same level as I am? They never are. To learn how to put AI to work for people, visit ServiceNow .com. Search that a step further as with most professions or arts. Any protege always wants to surpass the mentor. Yeah, of course. To impress them. You want to hear like you did it, man. Right. Yeah, I've cut on the back. So when I was at the French Columbia, Thomas knew that I was not going to work there forever. And the style of food that I wanted to do was not of his. And so at some point, he was like, hey, there's this restaurant in Spain called Oboui. I feel like it's written in a wheelhouse. So he arranged a stop there. And after I saw what was happening there, I was like, I have to go to my own site. You'd remember this place because Jose Andres also went there. That's like what woke up his mind as well. Oh, wow. It's kind of north of Barcelona, right on the coast. It's not like in a populated area, right? It's just kind of in the middle of nowhere. I didn't even know what this meant. You were the second in charge under Thomas. So when you go there, and I know you hate this word, but other people know it, and I need you to explain it to everyone. But molecular astronomy. Molecular gastronomy. So I know you don't like it, but what is the theory behind it? So at some point in the late 90s, it became popular to utilize equipment from other disciplines. The medical industry was a big one. Center fuses and rotary evaporators. Yeah, how's a rotary evaporator work? I hear you talk about this a lot. So you have a liquid or a puree that you pull under vacuum. So now you're able to boil that liquid at a very low temperature. So you're not having all of the aromas blow off and stuff like that. That makes so much sense. So whatever you had. So you've extracted the essence without destroying it with heat. Right. Whoa. That's so fascinating, right? Because this is applying what we know about water boiling at different temperatures, at different ATMs, right? Like at Elevation at Boils at 209 or whatever the hell it is. So if there's not one ATM, then it's a low heat. That's genius. And then when my first time being asked and trying to boil eggs, and I'm doing it in front of my business partner, who am I? Let me know in like a month. Okay. His whole family was there. And he was like, Chef, I need to make us some breakfast. I'm like, no problem. And it was a big problem. Oh, no. Oh, no. So dangerous. Hadn't had boiling yet. Yeah. That's funny. Yeah, so there was that. So at that restaurant, I guess the other thing I learned researching you is that what it really also broke open for you is that, oh, this guy's the limit. That we're not locked in to French. We're not locked in like this journey of what food could be. We're not nearly at the end of it. No. In fact, the opposite was like, if you didn't explore this, you would be doing the industry as a service. Because I felt like for the first time, there was full permission to express yourself or push outside of the box. Invent stuff. Yeah. And so then it was game on. Once I came home from there, shortly after I left, the French only made sure of runnication in Evanston. Oh, this is trio. Yeah. No budget. We were paying the chef $20 ,000 a year. Wow. This is 2001. Wow. Do they get tipped out by the houses or any other? That's it. That was it. Fuck that. Oh, no. It was bad. Oh. There was five or six of us in there. We were the Rugrats. Yeah. You know, we had nothing but that really pushed me to be. Because you got credited rightly so for really elevating trio and putting it in a standing. It wasn't in. This was interesting to me. Of course, I know the Michelin star thing, which is already ironic because it's a tire company. But I didn't realize mobile stars were also a thing. I don't know if they still are, are they? They're a thing for hotels. For hotels? So mobile gas station, Monica. Oh my god. What are these things? Right. It is unbelievable. Yeah. So you got like five mobile stars, some amount of mobile stars. Yeah, that's a mobile star. Couldn't get the chevron star or the shell star. Right, no shells. What's the highest amount of stars for that? Five. Okay. So yeah, we were moving. And then 9 -11 happened three months after I was there. So we were doing all this flashy food, taking big swings. And it was working, but then the whole country just pulled way back. And I remember, I was just a chef. I had no ownership in this at all. And I went to the owner and I'm like, look, I understand. If you want meat love from mashed potatoes, and that's what we'll do. This is your business. And I'll never forget you watch me in the eye and he goes, no. I believe in your vision. This is why I hired you. Instead of comfort, we're going to put people's mind on another planet. So they don't have to think about anything that's happening right now. Yeah, escape. It was a dream. You opened a linear in 2005. Yep. It's pretty instantly a hit. So the New York Times came in on night one. Oh, boy. And first of all, at that time, the New York Times didn't leave Manhattan or the boroughs. So it was a massive deal. And it was a night one, which is not fair. But like they say, I don't know. Any questions you had for us. So after that, it was just straight up. The momentum was unbelievable. I was proven in the Chicago market. Yeah. That helps. In my category, fresh one would be really helps. But we first opened Steppenwolf theaters right across the street. And named my business partner, like, well, we have to have a pre -seater menu. Because we don't have any people. And we eliminated that right away. Everybody came in. We had three menu options. Everybody wanted the biggest one. And so we were off to the races. Okay. So some of the things that are maybe they were unique or not, but they're defining characteristics. So the building has no signage. You walk in, there's no lobby. There's no bar. What informed these decisions? Were they random or do you have an overarching theory on why that was? No bar, like there's no alcohol served there. There's no spirits. Okay. Mine and beer. Got it. I wanted it to be a temple of food. No distractions. And none of the other stuff. So it was all about purity of the experience with food in my experience. For not something that went well with food at that time at least. And I just wanted it to be a gastronomic palace. So everything else was noise. Get it out of here. And it works. Yeah. So for people who haven't seen any of these dishes. Yeah. You're using liquid nitrogen. You're making moose crispy. Like you're doing wild crazy stuff. It's all prefix. Yeah. People sit down. That's it. Nobody chooses. So you knew what you want to do with the menu. Obviously that would be very intuitive for you. What were you thinking about what you wanted the other elements to be? Like the service aspect. Did you have a novel idea about that? Or did you have environment? What did you want for that stuff? The entry layer was very special. It was a very long hallway with a false perspective. And a hidden door that was triggered by a sensor. So it was a little bit like a fun house. Yeah. And the reason for that was there was no room then. So you had a yellow cab. Or you had to drive yourself from the suburbs or something. And I wanted to eliminate all of that before you sat down. Like you entered a magical place kind of. And you just oriented you throughout about your babysitter and you're sitting at home in your arms now. Uh -huh. And the overall status with the restaurant was very minimalist. I would say that we were one of the first fine dining restaurants to not use a tablecloth. We were trying to challenge everything. At one point I asked the architect if there was a way for us to not have tables. Oh my god. That is how much we were like. We're willing to. Every aspect of what a restaurant was. We identified it and challenged it. We have tables. You've just given me an idea of having a restaurant that's lazy boys and then dinner trays. Uh, like TV dinner trays. That's all I eat every night. Yeah. It's just we can't be. How do you handle service? Is that something you micromanage? Or do you bring in someone that you believe in their approach? I'm super hands -on. Okay. Even now. If I'm in Chicago I need more restaurants five days a week for sure. A lot of that I probably shouldn't do. Any more. Yeah. I should be spending my time on other stuff but I love it. And when it has to weigh the mice play. It's just a fact. Yeah. Yeah. And so I like to be there and make sure everything is moving. Had you accumulated grievances? Because I imagine if I opened a restaurant the first thing would be like I would ex out all the things that annoy me about a restaurant. Is that kind of what you were doing as well? Yes. A bit. For the table. I hate it when you would put your hand on the edge of the table to stand up in the whole table of bottles. So I'm like why do they have table floss? Well they're hiding a bad table. Let's have a nice table. So there's a lot of that. Yeah. It's very meticulous. Or nothing or in your meal more than when it's just uneven. I'll get under there when it's on the sugar packets. I'm always manipulating it. Are you impossible to go to a restaurant with? No. Do you have to sit? I mean you know I have a whole different set of challenges for yours of but I have going out up here but no I'm pretty sure. My best friend works in service and has a whole business. He has a whole business on service and it is nearly impossible to go to a restaurant with him and I've had to tell him like you've got to turn it off. Like I can't do this anymore. I kind of get it though like when I watch in a movie and they take a shortcut or they fucking lied about the logic I'm like oh fuck you. You don't like it hurts me just because I know the math. Right. I know but you got to keep it to yourself. So by 07 you've gotten your own mobile 5 star there. They're starting to rank in like the best restaurant in America. The best restaurant in the world. That's all taking on. I do notice you have a marriage that ends in 06. Is it possible to start a restaurant of that caliber and be spending the time nurturing all the other relationships? No. I mean let's be honest. Yeah. Right. When we opened I would get there at 9 a .m. in me that 4 in the morning. I mean it was insane. Yeah good luck. So in time who has best friend here. He was on the opening team and Dave Barron, Perez, Swain and Santa Monica was there too and that seemed for his stuffy who you had. Yes. We were burning in ours. It didn't matter. You loved it. You know it was like we had a mission. Yeah. And then we realized that you're accomplishing that mission. They were however you know so now we're in there all the time. At that point we were open five days a week. But it didn't matter. We were there on Monday Tuesday. It was infectious. Yeah. Well the work becomes your identity. Nothing else is happening in your life. So it's your singular identity and you're crushing. You're getting all the accolades and you will love it. So it's like you finally have an identity which is the hottest shit in the world. It's intoxicating. Very much so. So you know seven you get diagnosed with stage four tongue cancer. And I want to know prior to the diagnosis were you experiencing anything that was cluing you in that this diagnosis was coming that you were ignoring? I didn't know what it was. I definitely knew something was wrong. But I was so committed. Yeah. That I didn't even know it was a doctor. I was like no I have to work today. But was it fatigue you were feeling? No. I almost felt like you did your tongue. And it would be like sore. Tender. You know hot coffee. I had that for probably three or four years. Years. Yeah. And I was really the dentist. And they'd be like ah you just had your sessions here. You open your business. Right stress. Yeah. So they missed it seven or eight times. Oh boy. And at the time you were diagnosed almost three quarters of your tongue had this tumor in it. Yeah. It was bad. I literally shouldn't talk. Shouldn't eat. Fuck. And the first suggested treatment was what? They want to remove the whole tongue. And then both sides of my neck. It had metastasizes. Oh my god. It was in your lymph nodes. Yeah. So they wanted to do like major dissection. Wow. I mean bad, bad surgeries. Yeah. You wouldn't have. Nothing. The whole thing I couldn't even process. Of course the chef that can't taste. Right. Exactly. That's a sick joke. But also the business owner that now I have to figure out how to communicate with everyone. Oh my god. You know. My staff's got a word sign language. People laugh. Yeah. Because they thought I was going to die. You know. Oh god. Yeah that was a bizarre time. So you did six months of radiation like every single day. Yeah. How quickly did it start working? We went to five major hospitals. All of a sudden the same thing. And I'm like, now what? Maybe I should just die. And I had my sons. And you know, I was like, now I've verified this. And it's just so happened that University of Chicago in my backyard was like, hey, we have this new thing. It's a trial. But we feel confident. And I'm like, where do I sign? Yeah. So 30 came up first. That really didn't bother me. I lost all my hair and got pimply and all that. But it didn't affect my taste. And it didn't affect my energy. About three months in they started radiation. And that was a different story. That is intense. They're microwaving your tongue. Yeah. Well, from my power bone to my nose. And so at one point the skin on the inside of your throat and your tongue was shed. Oh my God. With a snake. No swelling, no taste, no nothing. Oh my God. But it was worse. That sounds torturous. You had three months of that feeling. Yeah. And then afterwards they hang on. Yeah. I thought this was interesting. I didn't know how this works. It makes total sense. But I heard you explain like, your job as the chef is to educate the people under you on basically your palate. Yeah. So like the underlings are going, chef tastes this and you're going great. But add a little bit of this. Like they're learning how to know your. Yeah, to be you. I had this. So luckily you had enough people that had fully understood. In LA we go like they know how to write for you. Right. But they know your voice. And so you were able to rely on them to taste. But were you panicked at all? I mean, you have to be a control freak. So that's a lot to turn over. Yeah, I wasn't panicked. My experience with the whole thing was very bizarre. I never fully thought that I was going to die. And my comfort, my family was the restaurant. Yeah. So I was really worked every day. I thought that I should communicate with the top three chefs and be like, hey, I want this acidic, like a pickle. And I want it sweet, like, like very clean ice cream. And we would do that that way. Yeah, this probably pushed your communication skills forward in a way that maybe otherwise you wouldn't have been forced to develop. Yeah. And let you relinquish some control. That's a hard thing. So that, yeah. I mean, you have to be forced sometimes. At that point it was all about me. And after that I was like, okay, yeah, I have to have other people. Yeah, I can't do it by myself. Yeah, I almost forced your hand. Sometimes you look back on these trials and their gifts in disguise. They all are. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure, yeah. You could not think that at 32. I felt pretty invincible as I age. Yeah. And then when that diagnosis said I was like, what the hell is this? Yeah. I just mean the notion when you're in it that you're going to go, oh, I better look back on this and be grateful for this. This is like almost an impossible perspective to have. In that moment. In the moment. But not for sure in any of those, yeah. Life would just be really easy though if you really could embrace that. I know, but that's about it. Well, the shit's hitting the fan somehow. Yeah, I'm awesome. I can't wait to reflect on this. Well, that was this great moment where I had to learn and grow. So you guys got three Michelin stars between 2011 to 2024. So you have real longevity in this, which is impressive. When you decide to close and revamp the place in 16 and readdress the menu, kind of start all over. Yeah. What prompts that? Is that scary? That seems like a big decision. It was. You know, at that point we were 10 years old. I said the ethos of the restaurant was evolution and that meant not only the food, but the container. If we were renovating the restaurant, we had to sleep everybody employed. There's a hundred people. Yeah. Because we wanted them all back. Yeah, you don't want to lose them. So we had to find the revenue stream and we did a pop -up in the grid. I was there about all of that renovation was happening. So before we left, I knew what we were about to do. I helped design it and signed off on everything. But that was the way. And this was my baby. This is terrifying, yeah. So that entryway and the staircase I designed, and it was really personal. Yeah. And when I walked back in, I went, huh. This isn't the idea. Oh, no. It was tough. Because we went to the opposite of where we were, which was like really minimalist. Really a lot of industrial materials. Like really modern. To a Parisian row house in the 30s. We made ceilings and all that stuff. And it just didn't feel me. Oh. Wow. So what did you do at that moment? What did I do with it? Yeah. I'm sure we'll either pick it up and move it soon or renovate it. Okay. So you still feel that? Yeah. Wow. It never grew on you in the way. How does the diners feel about it? I mean, everybody likes a fresh look. Yeah. Rob, you were there post renovation, yeah? And what did you think of the decor? It wasn't my favorite. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh, right. I bet I would love it. It sounds like me. I think I would too. Yeah. I wonder if she would make confidence to say that if I would have said that in my life. Oh, he definitely would not have said it. Absolutely not. Of course not. Of course not. I wish I could have gone in all the first. Yeah. I'd say that would have been cool. Did you have the impulse to go like, no, we got to read. Start over. I mean, that would have been impossible. But which is good, because maybe at some point in your life, you would have. Right. Maybe you learned some acceptance from that period. I buried it. Yeah. Okay, so I want to know, like when we talk to musicians about how they come up with songs, there's like some pretty common patterns that people, you know, people are in the car, they're in the shower. There's these areas where like, you're just distracted enough that comes. So I'm curious, like, how do dishes come to you? I would say primarily three ways. I don't have a mousse in on my bedside table, wake up in the middle of the night and write an idea about that. That doesn't happen. Two pickles, three carrots. Yeah, right. Two more. So there's a lot of study, actually. What other chefs are doing now? What they did 100 years ago, are there forgotten dishes that we can resurrect or spin off? So there's that. Is some of that research, though, just traveling and eating a lot of food? Traveling, yeah. So that would appeal to me, yeah. There is the unexplainable impulses that come in, whether it is music or a painting, or recently I started with a parabaggio aesthetic in mind. Really broke, really. And I was trying to replicate that on the plate. And it went very far from there to lay a mandarin on aesthetic ogia metric. So it's vitally unpredictable. When we first opened, I was into Ray Johnson's machine. And there was a track that they had that I mean, you know their music, it's intense. But there was an area in a track that broke really hard, really abrupt. And in my head, in that second, I was like, how can I do that with the menu? The progression of food. So it's that sort of, everything goes through a food filter. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I asked myself, can I spin off of that shape or, you know, just listen to that? The other thing is ingredients. Like I take up a tomato and I smell it in my head go somewhere. Wow. Yeah, it's clear. It's almost like synesthesia. Do you love going to like markets in Italy and stuff like that? Yeah, do you around the stuff? You have to touch it. It is so visceral. And then once you're in Japan or anywhere else, Mexico, washing them what they do. And there's traditional foods, violin, inspiration. And does some of it come from just your preparing something? And you just get some weird ingredients incorporate another ingredient or something that spins off into its own. Yeah, I mean, for example, the truffles and banana. Oh, sure. I don't know. Yeah, that's a weird pairing. And then when you look into it, they're aromatic from components that they both have that select them, but I didn't know that. Ooh, this was any one of my questions but now I'm thinking about it. Do you think that AI at some point will be able to analyze all these things that are patterns that emerge, that we're not seeing, that everyone loves? Yeah, I do say AI a lot. Oh, you do? Yeah. How will you use it? Mostly research. When I was interviewed in 2002 and the writer asked me, what my favorite kitchen tool was? And I said, Google. Google? Yeah, everything's right there. And that's what the inspiration information, I know how it works. Right. So once I have that, we'll love it, of something, damnation. What's like your weeknight dinner? 20 minutes. It for me is very complicated. Yeah, you probably have a really hard relationship with it. The irony of it all is there's a lot. So I go through that period where, first of all, I'm dying of so much. This is insane. Is this a joke? Yeah, yeah. And then you go through treatment, and you're unable to taste, but then that comes back and you're like, I'm good. The issue then becomes the atrophy from the radiation. The long -term effects of it. Everything's deafens. See everything, it's really tight. So there's a muscle or there's a flap that when you drink or eat, it folds over and covers your mentite. Right. Yeah. That's right. Mine doesn't fold down. So it's very, very hard to swallow. And then about seven years ago, because of the radiation as well, my thumbs received, and I had a really bad infection, my whole face. So they had to pull all of these bottom teeth. So now here we are again. As a chef, I'm not able to eat too really. With that comes the social stigma, where I'm like, not only if I go out with friends, I have to really be careful and navigate that, which is a little bit awkward, but also I'm me. So if I go to a restaurant that is of a certain level, is there no who I am? Yes, definitely. And will your chefs want to do other chefs on the end? They might have to eat in the whole menu. Yeah, if I were you, I'd only eat at McDonald's, so you'd get too much pressure. My relationship with it now is on flies. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare. This podcast is brought to you by Squarespace. We've talked before about Rob building our website on Squarespace, and I bring it up again, because it's a perfect example of what they do well. Rob had all the pieces, the content, the vision, the ideas, but he needed something to actually take all that and make it public facing, and Squarespace was that bridge. Maybe you're in the same spot. You've been developing something, a business, a skill set, a body of work, and it's been private. It's been yours, but at some point you're ready to put it out there, and that transition from private to public can feel like a huge leap. Squarespace makes it feel like a step. Beautiful templates built in SEO, email campaigns, scheduling, analytics, everything you need to go from. I've been working on this to here it is. Come find me. All in one place, no code, no stitching together a bunch of different tools. So if you've been sitting on something and waiting for the right moment, this might be it. Head to squarespace .com slash DAX for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch, use offer code DAX to save 10 % off your first purchase of a website or domain. This episode is brought to you by SoFi, the all -in -one finance app where you can bank, borrow, and invest all in one place. Let's talk bank accounts for a second. The average bank savings rate is 0 .39 % in interest. You're earning pennies on your savings, but it does not have to be that way. With SoFi high yield checking and savings, the money barely making moves sitting in your savings account can earn over eight times the national average savings rate with eligible direct deposit. No account or overdraft fees, which feels rare these days. You can get your paycheck up to two days early, perfect for getting ahead of a bill or grabbing what you need right when you need it. Plus get up to a $300 welcome bonus when you sign up with eligible direct deposit. Sign up for SoFi checking and savings at SoFi .com slash armchair. SoFi checking and savings is offered through SoFi bank NA member FDIC terms apply. This episode is supported by Helix. All right, let's talk about something we both really care deeply about asleep. It's the most important thing. I've had my Helix mattress for years now and I genuinely think it's one of the best investments you can make for your home. Mine still feels just like it did when I first got it. Well, that's the thing. It's not one of those mattresses that caves in after six months. These things are built to last. And you know, I'm a side sleeper. I ordered a side sleeper and I get hot. So I have cooling and I can't tell you how much more comfortable it is to be in there not sweating and tossing and turning. Cooling is really important. I've read that you're supposed to sleep a little bit cold. So I also have cooling and they have over 20 models. So it's not a one size fits all situation. You just go take their quiz and they match you to what actually works for your body. Plus they've got cooling upgrades, which heading into summer non -negotiable. Truly. Go to helixsleep .com slash armchair for 20 % off. That's helixsleep .com slash armchair for 20 % off. Make sure you enter our show name after checkout so they know we sent you helixsleep .com slash armchair. Now I have the type of brain I know Monica has it too. I would have in 2007 thought yeah of course because I didn't deserve this success of this restaurant. I don't really deserve it and now this is the universe's right side. Do you have any of those terrible thoughts or it's like oh of course this is happening. No that's good. I didn't have that. But what I did have really bad was after treatment the restaurant loan a lot of awards. Yeah yeah. And in the back of my mind it was always like I'm getting sympathy votes. Oh you thought that. That bothered me a lot. For years I was like I feel bad. I mean that's definitely not what happened but yeah. I hate being pitied. It's like my most right. Yeah I hate it. Really a favor. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. I do want to ask to really quick a couple technical things because I think it'd be fun to educate all of us a little bit on this. When I think of taste like if you ask a civilian what is taste you're just thinking like what the flavor is on your tongue and then maybe you know oh a lot that's coming from your nose. But tell me about aroma and texture because I don't even think that's something people realize are impacting what they quote taste. Right. I mean aromas that is taste. So you have the five basic on your tongue and those are like blunt instruments. There's no pimple in there. No scalpel in there. Yeah and everything else is right here. That's why when you smell lots of wine and you smell of chocolate. There's no chocolate in there. Right. But you taste it you perceive that. So that is widely important. And it became really important when I shouldn't taste. Yeah. I mean I would build dishes solely on how they smell together. So you could smell. Yeah. Okay. That never went away. That's good. That's the blessing. In tertiary people don't realize how complex the body is. Like certain tertiarys will produce saliva. And then that's saliva misses with whatever you have in your mouth. And it hits different areas of your palate and the bodies are freezing. It's so fascinating. Yeah yeah yeah. So all of that ties in and it really is not something that people pay attention to. Right. You get all of it at once and it's hard for you to parse out which thing you're enjoying. Right. But it's by all of you. Is there another thing? Missing I guess the environment too. So that's what I think. We've always been pretty theatrical with our stuff. Some pageantry. And so I really look at color and light and sound and all aspects of the environment. Smell. We've really played with that. Is there any music? If it makes sense and it's curated. We did it for us at one point where everybody was served it in the room at the same time. It was ridiculously crunchy to be passed out of heart and on the card it said quiet. Okay. So the room just was quiet. Self -conscious. Yeah and then everybody at the same time started chewing on these like chilos or whatever and the whole room is like oh my gosh like a chorus. Yeah. Oh wow. Is it your restaurant that did something too is like something outrageously hot too. Everyone had to eat something really hot. No. We played with temperature hot and cold in your mouth at the same time. Boy I meant like spicy capsaicin. We've been losing spiciness from it. We're still very evaporated. So none of that capsaicin comes up in the distillate. So chewy is smell amazing. Yeah. I personally can't do it hot. You can't fuck with them yeah. But the smell is amazing. I wouldn't again I don't really think of this but food you think in seasons right. So we're going to have morels in the spring. So you just know like we have to do something with morels. In the summer time we're going to have different fruits. Tomatoes. Tomatoes. And so because you have to be ahead of the game right you can't wait until the morels arrive right. I can imagine your existence has been very very compartmentalized by seasons in a way that other people's probably aren't. Can you like feel that and what is that done for your experience of life to be so aware of what's happening seasonally. I think it could make you feel like time is passing way too fast or I could imagine too since you're in it so presently maybe it slows time down. I don't know what it does. I think it speeds it up. And like we were saying if it's December or even February and you're like hey we have to have more all this. So we have to start playing it. Believe it or you last year how do we make it feel later? It has to be different. Can't be the same dish. And you don't have them right. Right. So you have to be young. Yeah it's on challenge. So it's like a movie or a book or you have a deadline. And does that suffer from post pressure or nature's pressure it templates your whole year. Yeah. And as far as perception it's like I was always a big outdoors person in Michigan. But you're like hunting me you know. So the seasons really resonate with me. They're very important. When you smell those old foods or that first snow the feeling of it. Quiet. I always think it could fall when it's fall. You're going back to school. There's new girls and new clothes. You go to like a Halloween party. It's dark early. To me like a lot of people think spring is romantic. To me falls like the most. My favorite. My favorite. My favorite. I feel like that's probably a Midwest thing. Yeah. Because of that. That really changed the whole thing. Yeah. And then come like end of May you're like oh it's time to fucking party. I don't think we have a very bipolar existence up in Michigan right. We're just like it was miserable. Miserable. You see it. It gets to 39 degrees in the sun's out in April. And dudes are in convertibles with no shirts. Because I would just fucking die. I need to come out of this gray hell. So I just think it's really heightened. The just overall temperament. I believe that. Now the restaurant culture I talk about all the time. My girlfriend of nine years of my 20s. She worked at a bunch of different restaurants. They all party fucking hard. Their hours are crazy. They sleep in. Trust. Yeah. It's a culture. Yeah. How did you navigate that culture? Pretty good. That was another thing with Thomas. His professionalism was paramount. His paramount. I had a rule that I wasn't friends with my employees. Sometimes that didn't work out. Some people are just too attractive. Right. That too, yeah. But I was too busy working the party. The priority wasn't that. And like I said, I had never drank heavily up until a little bit later. So I was focused. But yes, it is rampant in the industry. And I think it's getting a lot better. But it's because of the generation. The generation's not drinking. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So there's always some substances in there. But it shouldn't matter. I think the industry selects, though, for people who A, their night owls, generally, right? Right. They like arousal. They like high stress. They function well in high stress. And they're fast. You're surrounded by it. Yeah. All of the time. Probably a lot of ADHD in that world. Probably. I think you're kind of self -selecting for a lot of qualities that lend themselves to also be an addict to you. Also, if you're dealing with such a high pressure situation at work, you want to let go, you want to release. Yeah, that's very, very there. You know, the thing I used to be really judgmental on that, I've done a complete 180 on. And it was with her. It was with Brie who worked out all these restaurants. And the servers would all, once a week, generally on their day off, they would go eat at a really nice restaurant. Yeah. And we lived in a one bedroom apartment in Santa Monica. I think our cumulative income was like 18 ,000 years between the two of us. She was making 10. I was making eight. And I'd be like, you just went out $180 on there. Like, I could not wrap my head around spending that amount of money on something when we didn't have shit. And I was more like, let's save up for blank this TV. And then I remember there was this whole movement, I don't know about 10 years ago, where people were getting really critical about millennials. They made fun of them about the avocados. Now, after that, I think now there's a lot of great social science that has studied this. And they're like, OK, on your deathbed, what do you remember? Well, people remember experiences on their deathbed. They evaluate their life based on their experiences, not how many inches their TV was. It's not how it works. And so whatever that costs, it's actually a bargain. It's a bargain. And so I've come completely around. And I guess I just want to end this on encouraging people. Do it, man. Save up for a fucking amazing experience at a restaurant because it's so memorable that trip to French Laundry. Yeah, it was obnoxiously expensive. And I remember it so well. It's like a moment of my life. We had a three -top come in. It was an 80 -year -old woman, her daughter and her granddaughter. And they came down to the station after the meal. And the 80 -year -old was like, it's my 80 -year -old birthday. I never saw that. We have a meal like this. It was the most magical thing. She started to cry. And she's like, and I got to share it with my daughter and my granddaughter. So, like, to your point. Yeah. That's a whole lot of fun. You should spend money on moments with people you love that you'll remember from. That compliment goes way beyond stars. The mobile stars? Yeah, right. So, you know, in that way, it is very, very rewarding. Yeah. To have that platform to provide people to make those memories. It's rap. Yeah, that's awesome. It was an honor to meet you, man. Really? Yeah, it's really cool. I can't wait to come into the restaurant. I know it's really hard to get in, but I feel like that I have an end. I don't really know so much. Well, people may famously remember we tried to shame you guys into giving Rob a reservation over Christmas. And you guys did. Yeah. You remember so, so grateful. Rob was it the most memorable night ever? Yeah, it was incredible. Despite the decor. Yeah, Rob. You really stuck your foot in your mouth. Yeah, you just said, yeah, it was okay. Yeah, oh my God, oh my God. No, he came back really well. Oh, that's great. Well, Grant, thank you so much. Yes. This has been a blast. Just a quick reminder that as part of our summer break, here's a rerun of one of our favorite fact checks. I'm in an incredibly beautiful new sweater that my friend got with. This looks gorgeous. I just put it on for the first time and I'm truly blown away. The green is really nice. And the fit is really kind of perfect. I know. They know how to do it. And I think I like these customers, you have to roll them up. They're too long on their own. They're clearly designed to be rolled. See, look, that's a seven inch, nine inch cuff. It's nice though. Yeah. But you wouldn't wear it like that, right? You're supposed to be good. Well, I'm not allowed because I'm short. And they have a rule that if you're short, you have to show a little bit of skin. If you're wearing oversized clothing, you have to show a little bit of skin on your arm. Because you'll get lost in it. Yeah, just roll my bicycle. Yeah. My first time in biker shorts. How'd it go? Well, I just can't believe I'm a person that owns biker shorts and wears them now. I'm having a hard time. Yeah, well, you're 50. So a lot of things have changed. Yeah, but also I think that's something that's best done much younger. Almost the 50 compounds it. First, they never envisioned myself as being someone that would be in those biker shorts. Yeah, sure. But they have a pad built into them. And the seat is very tiny on the road bike. And it hurts your onus. I don't want to say it hurts here. It just hurts. Yeah, it hurts. Oh, no, it's a nice padding. I put them on for the first time. I felt like Pena always talks about like eventize your run. I was like, well, these are built for nothing other than riding a bicycle. Sure. And let's do that. And the padding was nice. And I love that there's no fabric flowing anywhere else. I think I went up the hill faster because of them. Probably aerodynamics. I'm not going to adopt the Lycra shirt though. I decided I swore a wife beater. So you're back home. I'm back home. I'm very, very, very happy to be back home. Hey, are you present for your birthday? Do you want to open it? I would love to open it. Let me really take my time here. I'm looking at a beautiful tissue paper with, oh, can I say one thing? This will sound derogatory. But let me preface it by saying I could be in the tourism board for Mexico City. I love it. It's an enchanted romantic city. Food's dynamite. If you ever go to Havre 77 French restaurant, we went twice. The French Indian soup's the best I've ever had in my life. On the second trip on my birthday night, I got two bowls of it. Oh, wow. Like when you got two steaks. Yes. And I would tear out a fingernail right now to have it again and share it with you. It was the most incredible. But anyways, the facial tissue, and I had a cold, it wasn't ideal. And where it really hit me, was that? One ply? Maybe less. I was on at a nice hotel, mind you. Yeah, very. We got on the flight. I went into the bathroom and I pulled the tissue out of the mirror that's in the laboratory of the airplane. And the second I touched, I was like, oh, that's soft. And then I thought, how bad was the tissue where the airplane tissue felt like Puffs Plus with lotion? Oh, my. Just to make it relative. Yeah, because that's one ply. Yeah. I think it was like 0 .6 ply. Oh, okay. Anyways, beautiful tissue paper with purple flowers. Really nice. The tissue is from Nikki Kiho. The present is not. Oh, this is a multi -stage gift. Okay, beautiful tissue paper and then a burlap sack. Yeah, also from Nikki Kiho. That's how they were happening. Oh, buddy. The stories of Raymond Carver. Will you please be quiet, please? Is this an origin? I bought it as a first edition and it is signed. It's signed? Did you pay the face value of $8 .95? No, it was on sale actually. What year was this published? I think it's fascinating that a hard cover, beautifully bound book was $8 .95. No, that's true. I know I'm all over the place in a little manic, but I just got to add back to little women, which I love. As you know, Greta Gerwig's number one. Super fan now. At the end of that movie, they show them pressing and making her first book. The book, Little Women. Yeah. I don't know if you remember that sequence. I don't know if I remember it. But the amount of time and effort it took to make a book in the 1890s where they were pressing it all, they were cutting it with a saw. They were sewing the binding by hand and then they were cutting leather out in a pattern and then gluing and putting that in a press. I'm like, it took like a week to make a single volume. They should have been $600. Well, that's why they're so rare. And it explains why. I think it was Carnegie who invented the library. There were no libraries. Books were just too expensive. They were like probably in today's dollars. They probably were hundreds of dollars. Yeah. That amount of manpower. Okay. So this was first published. Well, think about wealth disparity now. But then in order to even read a book, you had to be a millionaire. Yeah, I'll get the number wrong, but to put it into perspective, like so I guess Elon is now worth $400 billion recently. Although that's doctors felt whatever. Let's just say he hit $400 billion. $400 billion of our total GDP and national amount of money isn't even .01%. When Rockefeller hit a billion, they say he actually had like 15 cents of every dollar that existed in America. So it's like as bad as it feels now. It was. It was that worse. Exponential order of magnitude crazier with the first rich people. Yeah, that's true. Okay. So this was 1963. So this book cost 8 .95 in 1960. How much do we think that is now? Rob, can you put it in? Well, that's great. We have that technology. Yeah, we sure do. I added a new actually wrote up my resolutions last night. Oh, great. Which I don't know if I've ever written them down. Yeah, I wrote some down too. You did. Did you journal this morning? I did. Congratulations. I'm proud of you. I had therapy too, and we talked about it. And she said I could burn them. Yeah, or shred them or whatever. Can I have her number? No. She's like, if that's going to allow you to really be able to be honest and truthful with yourself in a way you won't be able to otherwise. And let it out of your body. You know, sometimes her and I talk about like there are things that I talk about with her that only she gets to hear. And she said, you know, it's not just me. You also have you. Yeah. And you have a dialogue with, you can have a dialogue with yourself. Yeah. Especially via the journal. Yeah. But yes, of course I have to be very honest with myself there. And so if I'm out of fear not doing that, then it's not worth it. So I do. I'm still deciding. We may have talked about this. But, and I had mentioned there was a period I stopped journaling over the last 20 years. And then I had a relapse, obviously. And I didn't even put all this together. But through therapy with Mark, I think what occurred to me was I, there were things I couldn't write down. Just like you were saying, are you afraid someone's going to find it? And I'm like, no. But in truth, there was a moment. Yes, I'd be afraid someone would find it. And I had this weird dedication to never lie to that journal. Right. Right. So I just conned it. I didn't, it didn't feel like I was making a decision to stop journaling. It just was like, this is really weird. I've been journaling for 17 years or whatever. And I haven't in a while, but I'm not overthinking it. But of course, in reflection, I was like, I couldn't really, yeah, be dishonest to this thing. Yeah. I love this. This is such a thoughtful, wonderful present. It would have cost $89 .18. Wow. $89 for a book. That's a lot. That's not enough though. I was sure it was 5 ,000. Okay, this is a fantastic present. Very thoughtful. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Okay, how was therapy? It was good. It's my first therapy of the new year. You know, for a second, I was debating, I was like, maybe I only need to start going like as check -ins now. Yeah. Like maybe I don't really need to be on this consistent of a schedule. But then today I was, I was like, no, I need to keep up my once, every two weeks. Well, look, I've stopped. So I really am in no position to say this. Yeah. But it definitely falls into the umbrella of like, well, it couldn't hurt to go. It does not hurt. And it potentially could hurt to not go. Yeah, yeah. It's kind of the vitamin debate. It's like the scientific community is kind of split down the middle with their vitamins, work or not. Yes. But it's like, I don't know, on the chance that they work, yeah, they're not going to harm you. All right. So I'm just going to comment there. Yes, I hear you. Well, there are some bad ones. Oh, I know. And you can have too much of certain things. But just in general, if you're taking the, you know, not above the daily dose of any one thing, it's not going to harm you. Speaking of, okay, you know how I'm always paranoid about drowning my cells. And too much water? Yeah. Or people in general, like drinking too much water and then drowning their cells. You know, Gundry's new movement is less water, not shockingly. So him and I are lying. Solmates. Why he's got those fresh hands. Yeah. He doesn't drink any water. No hydration. Oh my gosh. I'm going to put my hair up real time. If you want to see it. It looks so good down. We'll go ahead. Okay. Let's see what happens there. Okay. If you want to see it, go to YouTube. Do you ever do an up and then a braid and back? Yeah. Well, I did it for, when's this out? The eighth. I did it for a commercial. We were just in together. Oh yeah. That comes out yesterday. It came out yesterday. Oh my God. Our little commercial. Yes. Our second commercial of, I hope many. Yes, exactly. It was so fun. And it's out. It was out yesterday. And in it, I do have a ponytail with a braid. Yeah. That I love. It's just really hard for me to do it by my own. I had a hairstylist that day. Oh, right, right. But I do like it. We were therapists can style your hair on the days you don't want to share. Airplay? I would go every day. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'd pay for that. Anyway, okay. So drowning cells, everyone, everyone laughs at me. They go fall. Uh -huh. And I met someone who drowned his cells. Oh, tell me. And it was really bad. Tell me more. Okay. Who did you meet? Where did you meet? I'm in front of 7 -11? No, he's a real person. I know. I'm not going to say, I'm not going to out hit him. You're my worst name. Right. He's a friend of a friend. This is a sad story. I'm transitioning into a sad story. When I was - If you were having fun in laughing, stop. Yes, stop. A big group of friends was meeting. And one, Robbie. Yeah, so Robbie from our chain. Yes, from the connections chain. Wasn't there. I was like, where's Robbie? And his wife said, oh, he's at the hospital with - The mutual. Yes, with - The unmentionable. The - No, because - He's not underwear. Because that's his name? No, his name is untouchable. We can't call him untouchable, because he's Indian. Oh, he is. Yeah, so now I'm getting a lot of info away. Yeah, it's pretty easy to narrow this down at some point. If you know any Indian in Atlanta, who's friends with Robbie? That's true. There is one. There is one. Anyway, this is sad. This is sad. He had a seizure. And I guess he had already had a seizure a year before and was on seizure medication and stuff. You're the perfect person to tell the story, because you have the same condition. Right, exactly. And you're in the end. When he went the first time, after his seizure, they checked his salinity levels, and they were so low, and he did drink in like really excessive amount of water. Do we know why? When he drowned his cells. Yeah, he got rid of too much salt. But - You drowned his cells? That was the medical. Yeah. Oh, okay. You have a good deal of salt, I think, from your diet. Don't take offense to that. Are you referring to like the potatoes I made or something? No, but you like, you'll have a nice seasoned chicken in there. I think you have a good amount of salt. Yeah, I feel fine about my salinity. Yes, so - And I don't drink any water. So I'm good there. Do we know why he was drinking so much water? Was he on like an exercise routine? He was on an exercise routine, and I'm not sure why. Anyway, so turns out, per usual, I'm right, you can drown your cells. Per usual. And - Unsurprisingly. Please look out for that. Okay. You and country should collab on this. I'm happy to join forces. Also, just if you are having a lot of water, maybe use some - Electrolytes. Electrolytes, that's right. Keep an eye on your electrolytes. Yeah. The only cases I've ever heard of is like no one's ever died from ecstasy, but people have drank too much water on - Exactly. Exactly, they drown their cells. Yeah, okay. Okay. I wonder if they drown their cells or if when they drink way too much water, backs up like congenital heart failure, basically like ends up filling up their body. Cause you know, my father who had congenital heart, I don't know what's congenital, he had heart disease. And what would regularly happen is his heart was too big on one side and normal on one side. And so it would pump in a lot, but it couldn't pump out a lot. And then it just ends up backing your whole body up with water and you get really bloated, you put on all this water away, and then it starts really affecting your breathing in your lungs and everything else. And so my dad would go into the hospital for like four days and all he'd be on diuretics and he'd just be getting rid of the gallons of water. Right, oh my God. Yeah. Okay, it says yes, cells can drown in a condition called water intoxication or hyponatremia, which occurs when there's too much water in the body. When there's too much water in the body, sodium levels drop causing water to move into cells and causing them to swell. This can be especially dangerous for brain cells as it can lead to pressure in the brain, confusion, drowsiness. Wait, though, epilepsy, pressure in the brain might have been completely all related. Exactly. Oh man. Well, I'm sending love and well wishes to this anonymous person. What does Robbie have two very close Indian epileptic friends? I know. He's very over -indexed. He is extremely over -indexed. I consider myself kind of unique in America, low percentage where I have a best friend who's Indian and epileptic. And he's got now two? I know. He is a fetish. I know you don't like that word, but... You think it's a king? Ask if there's a third. If there's a third, he has a condition. Yeah, it is weird. Then I wondered is, like, epilepsy is Robbie's wife? White? White? Yeah. She doesn't have it. Actually... No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh my God! No, no, no, no, no. Is he giving everyone this? He's poisoning everyone. Oh my God! He's so sweet that would make sense. He's one of the sweetest people I've ever met over at Tech. He is a backside. I'm very nasty. I'm very nasty. Best friend. And when we were in high school, she had seizures. And they were dating at that time. Okay. And she got in this car accident because she had one. Hers were different though. She didn't have grandma seizures. Were you about to say petitees? Petite mall. That's what they're called. That's so cute. And then she had... They see a picture like mall. You'd walk in with there's only three stores. And then the food court is like four food carts. They should call it boutique seizures. That's way better. Yeah, that's cute. You and Gundry can work on that. Anyway, yes. He has three. There's a four. I mean, I only know of three people in his life. And all three of them have seizures. So certainly there's more. Should we get Robbie on the phone? Do you want to? Yeah. We got to grill him about this. I mean, he's definitely at work. On Saturday? Oh, I forgot. During an NFL playoff game. I'm so sorry, Georgia lost by the way. No, no, the sugar bowl. You didn't know that? They lost. They lost. To who? Don't say Texas. They didn't lose the Texas, but Texas won theirs. Texas is still in it. Yeah. Notre Dame. But they're still in it because... Oh, no. That game we saw was one of the only two losses. They ended up being really... I know, but they played... Welcome to the SEC, bitch, is that what he said? Yeah, I did. Hold on, I got to call Robbie. He's the one that also that knows about all of us. Yeah, he's not at work. He's at the hospital. He's not at work. One of his mini -ep look. Don't say that. Knock on wood. Hello. Hey, Robbie. Yep. You're on a candid camera. You are on air. Arm's here, candid. You're on air. I'm on it here. And can you hear... Do we have your consent and can you hear me? Yes, yes. Okay, great. Well, we started... We wanted to call you about some one thing, but now we have two things to talk to you about that are very important. And we do not name any names, but I'm just learning of the fact that you have a second Indian friend with epilepsy, which I find to be almost statistically impossible. And then Monty said, it doesn't stop there. His wife has epilepsy. Well, she doesn't have... Okay, not specific epilepsy, but you do have three people in your life that have had seizures. And it's now we're starting to worry. And think you're at the... I see where you're going now. I honestly hadn't ever thought of this. That's what he would say. So my... Monica, Monica, my sister too. I knew it! I fucking knew it! I said... Robbie, I said there's a fourth for sure. Fuck! Robbie! What are you doing to everyone? I don't know. I really don't know. Oh my gosh, I'm looking at things in my life. I don't know. This is wild. You think it's because you're so calm and sweet. All of a sudden the other person's brain feels erratic and unhinged. Is it relative to your calmness? People short circuit? It could be. I mean, yeah, that's the best. I think that's the best we have. My guess is Gina would say otherwise. But this is wild for Robbie. For is a lot... Now I mean, sincere. Is there something environmental in Duluth where half the population... Wait, no, because mine happened once I left. But you grew up with that water. Oh, you think it's the water? Yeah, you have a late onset. Duluth. Because I didn't drink enough water and then it caught up. I'm known about the logic of that. But what I'm saying is there's something in the soil where you grew up where 70 % of all people have seizures. There's got to be it. Monica's house was super close to mine. The other friend also lived like right down the road too. Oh, and Gina. Yeah, and so honestly, if you draw like a polygon of the four points, it's like a very small area. And so likely shared whatever water source. Oh. Yeah, it's pretty narrow there. Yeah. You're right. Guys, did we just break an enormous case? Do we need to call the New York Times immediately? Oh, fuck. You're going to have to do a new podcast. You're going to start a new podcast where you're investigating this issue. Wow. It's going to be called poison paradise under the veil of suburban beauty and tranquility. Oh my god. Lies of burbling poison that results in the shutters. Okay, that's a lot of words. That's a lot. That's too many words. You need it to be small. No, no, first was the title. And then I was then I was then I was entering into the first episode. Oh, he got going on. Oh my god. I mean, you're halfway there. It sounds like this thing writes itself. Okay. Now we have moving on to point number two that. Well, no, I have one follow up on that Robbie. Okay. In your free time, which I know you don't have much of just. Can you sniff around? See if any more folks have had seizures like. Yeah. Okay. I will. Yeah. I'll report back. Yeah. I'll just I'll start kind of casually throwing that into the conversation I have like. So by the way, you know, this is kind of weird. But do you have a history of epilepsy and just kind of move on from there? Yeah, that sounds like a good plan. That's going to work. Okay. Now point number two is football and you are my main source of information for football. I was texting you during the Texas Georgia game and we were secretly gloating while I was amongst a bunch of Texans. And then Dax just told me that then Texas went on to like win all the rest of the game. They're still in it. Yeah. They're still in it. Yeah. So they they have a tough matchup. I guess Ohio State because Ohio State looks really good right now. But yeah, they're still in it. But is that be like a fluke? Shut up. Well, it can't be a fluke because the only thing to be Texas this year is Georgia. It would just be Texas twice this year. Oh twice. Yeah. So but it's then it's kind of a fluke that we aren't like it doesn't make sense that we beat them twice and we're now out. Yeah. You know, it's like how can you how confederate be the best ever if you can't ever beat it all? You know, it's very similar. We all have our all the trusses. Yeah. All right. Well, that clears that up, I guess. And I just want to end on this. Robbie, your voice was built for radio. I think you must be involved in poison paradise. I'd love to help you. Let me know. I'm a hard worker too. Yeah. Just let me know what you need. All right. Thanks Robbie. All right. Thanks guys. Take it easy. Stay tuned for more armature expert. If you dare. Well, that was a great use of time. Yeah. I wasn't expecting his voice to be that. He's a very handsome man. You know, I only have handsome and beautiful friends. Right. This has started from day one. Good for you. I know. Anywho. Okay. Good luck to. Will you plug your ears? Good luck to UT. Hook them. I'm cutting that. This is the same as that story I told about the people flying to LA to watch the Red Sox play LA hoping the Red Sox would lose because they had just beat New York. But the other guy was like, no. Okay. They must win that way in New York's number two. Wouldn't you want your team to have twice beat the champions? I guess you're right. I think it's time for you to like transition into rooting for them. For your own. For my own gain. Yeah. Okay. I see that logic. Speaking of which, and I know we're all over the map and have taken up too much time, but I just I want to I want to go on to say that I finished the Churchill documentary on the flight home yesterday and I got very swept up in it. This has happened a few times and I'm sure you've watched shows on this. When you are forced to watch what the Brits went through. 57 nights in a row of carpet bombing of London. Everyone sleeping in the subway. No bathrooms. Getting up going straight to work and carrying the fuck on. And they were so outgunned and out manned and out everything. And they alone took on Nazi Germany at that point. Everyone was already defeated. Yeah. The amount of will and resolve is so historic. I found myself like this is so cheesy. I found myself being like really proud that I know Jethro. Oh, that's nice. Yeah. I was like, by God, that little island. You motherfuckers refused. Yeah. And Churchill. He is a very flawed person. He was horrendous to India. I'll acknowledge that. But truly one man got those people to that state of mind. If you watch this doc, you're like, who knows if that person doesn't exist? What happens? Because he had two burdens. One is to be fighting off these Nazis who are just momming every single night. Yeah. Trying to keep morale high. And he has got to get American to the war or they're going to die. Everyone's going to die because they're not going to surrender. And so his skill at wooing FDR and developing this relationship and slowly getting us more and more involved is so impressive. And his own story is so unique in that he was a soldier during in his youth and he was an incredible soldier. Then he went into politics and he was a boy wonder because he was right. The whole time he was in the war, he was also a reporter. So he was reporting firsthand from all these wars. And he's one of the best writers to ever live. So he was in this crazy unique situation where he leaves the service as a hugely popular figure in Britain. Goes into politics, has this meteoric rise and then plateaus and then plummets. And he's completely on the outs and he can't get anything done. And then World War I comes along and he decides in his 40s or 50s to rejoin the army. He becomes a commander. He wins all this glory, returns. And for four years is begging Britain to understand Hitler cannot be trusted and don't believe a thing he's saying and we can't be signing these deals. And no one's listening, no one's listening. He never relents. And finally the Brits realize he has been right the whole time. And overnight he becomes prime minister. Like the story of the up and the down and the out and the miscast and the it's it's what a story. Yeah, horrible to the Indians. Let's be clear. A colonists grew up in Elizabethan, England. Definitely one of the Empire to stay alive. Also miraculous feat of will and resolve in the poetry with how he motivated people. He gave this speech to our Congress to help us embrace the fact that we were entering the war. And it's like the most incredible speech. It's an I cannot recommend the doc enough. Wow. I don't know why I went on that tangent, but it's been burning a hole in my brain. I know I'm making you nervous. My energy level is a 15. It's not it's not making me nervous. It's it's like go ahead. No, it's just like where's it going? Oh, I'm just sharing all the things that I missed out on sharing in the last three weeks. God, you're you're so much like my father. I am. He just loves to explain stuff. Yeah, it's kind of a male trait. But does that story like is there a male female thing going on? Is this the Roman Empire? Like does that whole chapter just like not interest you? Parts do, but not that part of an individual story where someone's like completely discarded and publicly reviled, then finds their way back, then becomes so valued and important, then gets discarded again. And then it doesn't quit like has a calling that can't be ignored and then match with this like Shakespearean ability to write speeches. Yeah, no, I'm I'm more into like the Anne Frank story of that era. Like I don't, I guess I'm really not drawn deeply to people in power. Like I'm not that's not a thing. You're drawn to the disenfranchised. Yeah, this makes total sense. Well, I just find that way more as a human story way more compelling. I find that kind of overcoming like a true overcoming, much more compelling than someone who's like just feeding off power. I think the thing that interests me about it is as big as this world is and as complex and dynamic as it is, single individuals radically change the face of the world. Oh, I agree. Yes, I find that fascinating. Those figures, they don't do it for me. Yeah, they don't get you going. I'm kind of like towards them, you know. For the listener, she just kind of, it was an interesting one. It wasn't an eye roll. It was a back and forth side to side. Speaking of. Go ahead. Eye roll. You found the origin of your. I figured it out. I figured out where my eye roll comes from. We thought it was an Indian thing. Or just maybe a genetic innate thing. I thought it was maybe just a full resentment. I have of everything and everyone. Yeah. We didn't know, but I knew that's not right. That's not it. It's a habit. But why? And now I know. Well, you sent it to me. So I saw it. Well, I'm going to show the world. The world, show the world. And I'm going to have to describe for the listener because let's just be, let's be clear. 98 % of our audience is still just listening. Yeah, but check us out on YouTube and you can see this. Yes, please do. All right. So for the listener, it is two or three year old Mary Kay and or Ashley Olson from the Full House program. It says duh across the screen. She's shaking her head and she gives the most expressive eye roll you've ever seen. And she has or they have enormous Disney eyeballs where it's very expressive and clear. Yes. Yes. We got it. We got it. All right. Now, Full House was my original friends. Yeah. I was obsessed with it the only time I was ever punished for my parents. The punishment was I couldn't watch Full House that night. That's in my cells. Yeah. That's where I got it. I got it from original Mary Kay and Ashley Full House. You started probably reenacting it. Always. Yeah. Aping it. Yeah. Mimicking. They were my models then and now. Yeah. It might be all the way to the end. I think it is. They might be your ear and weekly. I mean, you already have your ear and weekly. I think it would be sad if they're my ear and weekly because they don't know me. But they are my ride or die. What I'll say is they're radically different people which is so fascinating. Yeah. I guess that makes sense. But also does it make sense? Well, they're not identical twins. You know that, right? They have to be baloney. They're fraternal twins. No. Well, sisters have never looked that much alike. It's crazy. How do we know this for positive? God, don't make me okay. I don't think K .I. Google says that. Thank you. I know. I know. They're not? That's like me saying I know something about Valentino Rossi. Ooh, tell me. What do you know? I know nothing. Yellow 46. Exactly. It's the whole point. Anyway. I'm impressed you remembered his name. Thank you. So, yeah. Fraternal. One's left -handed, one's right -handed. But that's super common in twins. And one's one inch taller than the other. Even when they're identical. Well, they're fraternal. But that could be a posture thing. Okay, whatever. All right, let's stop. They're fraternal twins. I believe you. And you'd never know it by looking at them. Don't judge a book by its cover. You would not. I mean, I agree with you. It's shocking. Yeah. I've met a lot of boy -girl twins, and they have all had the experience where someone asked if their twin was identical, even though they knew one was a boy -woman girl. What? Yeah, I'm telling you. Okay. Well, some people don't understand twins. They don't understand what identical means versus fraternal. Yeah. They must not. Or... It must be way lower percentage that you get a boy and a girl. Then same -gendered twins. For fraternal? For fraternal. I think the opposite. I feel like if most fraternal twins, I know are boy -and -girl. Oh, really? That's why they are very confusing. We should have a twins expert on. Yes. Because what that means is that there were two over in the uterus, in that one mouse sperm and one female sperm hit the two. And generally, you would think, well, either the males were making it because they swim slower and they're more robust, or vice versa, and one swim fast. So it's weird that one would swim fast, but you know what I'm saying? I don't know. The body is a wonderland. It is a wonder. John Mayer. Yeah. All right, let's do a little bit of facts. This is for Ken Goldberg. He was wonderful. I really, really liked him. Yeah, what a unicorn. A lot. OK, now this episode starts with your underwear on the floor. Which was interesting. That was shocking. That's an experience to look down in your underwear's outside your pants. Because your first thought is my underwear. Yeah. Came off my pants. Yeah. Yes, and it doesn't seem to be torn in half. Yeah. That's a real like where I might add in time and space that my underwear has made itself off of my body and onto the floor. I mean, it's so obvious later when you think it was clearly my pant leg. I know, but in the moment, you can't think straight. My underwear is full now. It's like, and I think you should leave when Robinson, they put a whoopee cushion on his chair, and he doesn't understand it. He goes, what happened? Like, he really shook. Because he didn't feel himself fart, but he heard a fart. What happened? Oh my god, that's so funny. Okay, but also, so that happened, the underwear. But then I really, when I was editing it, my, the inside out of my pant pocket. Was exposed? Was exposed the whole time. That's a weird coincidence. It is weird, but no one caught that. So the whole episode, the inside of my pant pocket is that. Which people could have thought might be her underwear. Like, you know it's the lining of your pocket, but other people can be like, why are there, why are both of their underwear falling off? Now the vaccination mark. The smallpox vaccine scar is a small mark you might have on your upper arm. If you receive the drybacks or ACAM 2000 smallpox vaccines, it's a sign that the vaccine successfully spurred an immune response in your body to protect you against smallpox. Not many people receive a smallpox, not many people receive a smallpox vaccine today. So the scar is far less common than it used to be. The smallpox vaccine leaves a scar because it causes a minor infection in your skin. Your body fights off the infection, but this process leaves behind a small mark on your skin where the infection and related inflammation took place. That makes a lot of sense. I assumed wrongly now that it had something to do with the mechanism of injecting it. Like, did they use some weird thing? Because again, my dad's was, I have such a good memory of my dad's. I don't know that my mom has one weirdly. But my dad's is like seared in my brain. And I was like, it looked like, I think I said, a cigar. Like they administered it with a burning cigarette. You can look at pictures online. They have them and they do look like that. Okay, the book, the scientific management book that was influential on Stalin is called The Principles of Scientific Management by Frederick Taylor. See, this all paid off my diatribe on Churchill, because Stalin was the trickiest figure in that triumvirate. Okay, now, so Kim Kardashian posted some pictures with the Optimus robot. And then, and it said that Elon gave it to her. And she denies that she was paid for those pictures. Okay. Other than the free robot. Right. That she may or may not have. Right. This is what it says the robot can do, the Tesla Optimus robot. Okay, it says it can do physical labor. It says it can move materials, assemble parts, and load items onto machinery. Okay. Yeah, I'm skeptical. I'm skeptical. That's how we do it without getting sued. I'm highly skeptical. This is also on the AI overview. So they like their buddies. Okay. So he's got. They're all in cahoots. Yeah. Inventory management. Optimus can use barcode or RFID scanning to track inventory in real time. Home chores. Optimus can carry groceries, help the elderly. Help the elderly. And perform other home tasks. Look at it only helps elderly. I mean, that would be good. Data collection and research. Optimus can be used in labs or remote monitoring environments to collect data. I mean, that's just like the brain. Yeah. Smart home integration. Optimus can link up with Tesla cars and energy systems to become part of a smart home. Optimus can walk among people and serve drinks at a bar. I doubt it. But I'm sorry, I'm skeptical. I haven't heard about that. Okay, apparently there's a place in like Culver City or something that is run by. It's like a burger place that is run by robots and the robots drop off your food. Okay. I think I've heard that. But also my assumption of what that was was like very simple mechanized arms, not bipedal robots walking it out. Like it can make it in the kitchen and it goes on a conveyor belt. And then it's exactly lands in front of your thing. It doesn't necessarily mean that a bipedal robot carried it as much as there might be automation that gets it all the way to your. I think it's saying it delivers it to your table, but it might not be bipedal. We should go. We should go. I'd love to go to a robot restaurant. What is it? Cali Express in Pasadena. Oh, it's in Pasadena. That's much closer. Yeah. That just up the odds of us actually doing that by a lot. I do think there's a little, a little guy that rides around and brings to your food. A little phallic. Holy Express by Flippy. The world's first fully autonomous restaurant. Grill and fries stations are automated. It looks like a little thing with serving trays and American flags that goes to your table. We'll have to go. But okay. It says optimus can perform precise movements and heavy lifting. Optimus can adapt its behavior over time to reach the desired results. Optimus can play games like rock, paper, scissors. Okay. So anyway, that's what AI claims its buddy, optimus can do. Okay. They're best friends. Okay. And our robot feels a little left out. No, he's more boylike. Remember? I know. Big -time glass half fall. He's wondering what's going on because there's a lot of other robots now. There are a lot of other robots. But he's becoming charming and flawed. Wabu -sabi. Wabu -sabi. Wabu -sabi. Robbie -sabi. Robbie -sabi. Bag chains that I really want that are robots. Bag trash? Is that what it's called? No. It's a bag chain. I'm learning this from Nicole. This is the movement now is like you have these very fancy handbags and then you put all these little trinkets that pour out the side and I think she calls it like bag trash or something like that. She might, but they're called bag charms. And look, Prada has this one. This one's in like, um, this one's in like snow gear. Yeah, that's really cute. Isn't it? Yeah, it's about to be critical. I just think it's funny. Fashion is very funny. Sure. So you get this perfect outrageously expensive bag and then you're supposed to like drape some trash obviously downplay it. It's like, what's happening? I agree. I, but it's not trash. This is $1 ,100. Well, I don't, I didn't say it was inexpensive. Oh. Yeah. Well, okay. But I agree, I would not put people love bag charms and I think that's great. And it's a way to like show your identity. But they're not for me on my bag, but I want this little robot to just like sit in my house. Yeah, yeah, that's great. Yeah. He's pretty big. Look at him compared to the bag. Oh, that's preposter. Is he larger than the bag? Yeah. You said 39 % of US jobs are still manual labor. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that 39 .1 % of civilian workforce in the US performs physically demanding jobs that require lifting, carrying, pushing, pulling, kneeling, stooping, crawling, and climbing activities in varied environmental conditions. Sucking, fucking, don't leave out sex workers. That's manual labor. No, we don't, we honor sex workers. Yeah. But I'm just wondering, is it really manual? Yeah, it's definitely manual. It's laborious. All right. Well, that's it for Ken. I'm glad we ended on that note for Ken. I think he would appreciate that. All right. Bye, Ken. Love you. Love you.
