Can we talk about something embarrassing, besides the sound of my voice? Imagine you're at lunch. The server brings a Coca -Cola zero sugar while the food is still on the way. You think, just a sip while I wait for my chili dog. So you take that sip, but suddenly you can't stop drinking that delicious ice -cold Coke zero. The food arrives and you're just sitting there emotionally unprepared, waiting for a life -saving refill. Real Coca -Cola taste with zero sugar? It's hard to resist. Coca -Cola zero sugar, too good to wait. Enjoy the delicious taste of Coca -Cola zero sugar today. Hey babes, it's Paris Hilton, so I was checking my points balance and the Hilton honors app the other day. And yeah, I've got about a billion, which feels excessive. Even for me, just kidding. You can never have too many Hilton honors points. And I want to do something iconic this summer, so I'm giving away all my Paris points. Just find summer you've always wanted to stay, then go to my socials or Hilton's and tell me about it. Just make sure you're a Hilton honors member and I might be sending you Paris points because when you want points that make your summer even hotter, it matters where you stay. Smart List is presented by Amazon. Guys, we got to talk about your secret late -night internet searches. You know the ones, bumpy leg rash, hair loss, itchy bum, trying to figure out your body by endlessly searching for answers. We all do it and it never works. Thankfully, there's Amazon Health AI. It can connect your symptoms with your medical history and it can even get you care 24 -7. So call off the search. Amazon Health AI is here. Healthcare just got less painful. Hi, I'm Louis Wild. I somehow got talked into being on smart lists. So I don't know. This is a disaster. Welcome to Smart List. Smart. We love you. We love you. We love you. Can you get a small, I love you, you get a nice small mustache and then start doing the we love deal. We're going to go full like a little pointy goat. We love you. We love you. We love you. So, Sean, are those new specs? Oh, yeah. Do you like them? Yeah. No. I'm sorry. You said that so quickly. No, I do. I like them. Wait, who made the clear horn rim frames famous? I feel like it was like a Ted McGinley or one of those hands. Well, I think I did. Andy Richter. Oh, Andy Richter wears them. Yeah. Andy's a long time. Yeah. What did I just see Andy Richter is in? He's an obsession. Obsession. Yes. Yeah. He was great. I love Andy. Can I just say that just as a general rule? What's not the love? He's so fucking funny. Yeah, he's funny. Well, you can take the surprise out of your voice. I'm not surprised. But you have those moments where you just think about something. I mean, you go, God, Andy. God, we just have so much. Remember we used to play cards with Andy? Steve's still alive. Yeah. No, I know. I'm just saying remember we used to play cards all the time back in the day. I know. With Kyle Bass. Yeah, with Kyle. I remember Andy one time at my old place in Venice. Remember when he came down the stairs? And he had so many jobs that brought Fudge or something. Andy came down and he had, there's Fudge all around his mouth. Oh. And he's like, hey, I couldn't find the Fudge. I couldn't find the Fudge. I couldn't find the Fudge. I couldn't find the Fudge. I couldn't find the Fudge. It was all around his mouth. He was like, it wasn't anywhere. I couldn't find it anywhere. Yeah. Jay, what did you think about obsession? Wasn't it a good movie? Yeah, I really liked it. Now, is that what you were watching with my wife the other day? I was watching it with your wife in your house and you weren't there. Oh, it's so jealous. Oh, yeah. No. Scotty was there too. Scotty was there. Let me just see. I must have gotten to pay for that. I know. I will pay for that one. You're going to text the guys after this session. You're going to say, hey, guys, would you trim out the little spot where I totally forgot that Scott was sitting next to me? I don't tell you. Wait, Jason, you just nodded to somebody. Is that somebody making you an egg sandwich or something? Ew. Very close. Ew. Who's there? That's Morgan. Who's Morgan? Morgan is my incredible partner here in... JP. Oh, you've got a partner now. Look at you. Yeah. She's... Now, I have two partners here. I don't like to say assistance. Yeah. Good for you. Because I like to stay relatable. Yeah. But you know who is assisting my assistant here? Who's that? Franny. Francesco Nora Bateman. Is she there right now? She is. Ah, tell her we say hello. I'll turn the camera. There she is out there in the production office. Can you see her? Look at that. Oh, yeah. Look at her. Look at her. Look at you're just in some lonely office. You know, by the way, you know who stays relatable? People who don't say, I want to stay relatable. Yeah, I know. Because they don't have to curate it. My insincerity is bleeding through. Yeah, man. What is the sandwich that you got, though? Are you going to dig into it? I know. As we just push forward, we don't talk about your net jets or... Let's go past that. We'll go past that. Let's talk about that. Or your long island second home. Let's talk about this. Oh, look at Scotty. Don't try to make up for it now. Oh, Scotty's doing prehens. By the way, it's easy travel. You know, you call and then they're there and then they get you from where you need to go. You should try one flight. Not a paid ad. One flight. Not a paid ad. Not a paid ad. Not a paid ad. It's disgusting. It's so gross, guys. Let's not cut it, though. So Sean, what did Scotty bring you? Is that just a... One melt. A bowl of mixed pop tarts. No. It's not water milk. It's tea. It's tea with sugar and cream. Sugar and cream. What kind of... Even with the tea, you can't take your foot off the gas. No, I think it's artificial sweetener today. What kind of tea we have? Just regular English breakfast tea. You know there's a cake lady coming. Remember the cake lady? Well, this is not a surprise. Yeah, but yes, I do remember. I don't remember. What do you... He's got a woman who... I've used her. She's amazing. She's great. And she'll make any cake you want. What do you mean you've used her? What are you talking about? There's a cake for one of the kids' birthdays. Yeah, she's... We call her... Her name is cake lady, but she's a real lady. Well, let's pull the relatable bus over to the side for that. No, she's like 10 bucks a cake. Do you don't go down to the fucking store and buy a cake? No, she's like 10 bucks and she delivers it. Yeah. She makes it and she'll deliver it to your house and it's the best cake I've ever had. That's such a drag to go to a store and put some time in to buy your child. By the way, if anybody gets a sighting of JB at a store, please take a pic. Please take a pic of JB at a store. And post it. Let me tell you, I went to Whole Foods down at JB. There are a few things that I like better than pushing a cart aisle by aisle by aisle and taking three hours to do 10 minutes of shopping. A mile under the heading of things that never fucking happen. Well, I do love a good market session. When was the last time? I mean, last time I was in actually two days ago. I had to run down the street to get me and my assistant's assistant some dinner. Do you go to Whole Foods? No, I went to this place that makes... Oh, I know that upscale market place. Yeah, middle lane, right? Yeah, middle lane. By the way, that place you talk about relatable. That's like the most expensive market in China. But hang up, but it's so convenient. It's just down the way. And it's so nice. It's so unsettling. What's it called? It's called middle lane. It's sort of... It's the rich man's air wand. Which is like redundant. It's very small, but it's incredible. It's nice. I don't mean to disparage the place. It's very nice. I know, but they've got to come down on prices. It's going to come... It's going to go out of business. You can't charge $25 for a prepackaged chicken, Chinese, whatever salad thing. Wait, do you know what air wand backwards is? Yeah, man. Nowhere? Yeah. Thanks. Okay, our next guest, guys, today's guest. If you fold a dollar bill into three things, then you'll be able to see that there's a message. Hey, you know what? More park is backwards. Wait, tell me. Crap room? It's crap room. Crap room, yeah. Wow. I'm a 14 -year -old. It's going to love that. That's right. She goes to school there there. Okay. Thanks for bringing us down. Guys, sitting and chatting with us today is pure sunshine on feet. This actor -director is a woman I've had the deep pleasure of working with twice. Wow. As an actor, she has done fantastic work in both comedy and drama, in film, stage. And TV. As a director, she's one of the most exciting and sought -after new voices today. And having already done three films, which no doubt, there will be more as many more as she wants as she wishes. She's a true friend. Olivia Wilde. Olivia Wilde. Olivia Wilde. Olivia Wilde. How in the world did you get that, Will? Will. How did you get that? Because she's one of the most sought -after directors. Oh, of course. That's a layup. I think you could hear my heavy breathing. I think that's - Was that your small dog? That was the last crown? That was the last crown. That was the last part of the intro, Jason. It says that her heavy, known for her heavy breathing, right? Wow. Olivia, welcome to the show. This is great. I feel like it's long overdue. Can we have trouble making your deal with something? God, is this overdue? What? Well, everyone, I finally did every other podcast in this visit. Wow. The last one. You saved the best for last in this world, right? This is so exciting. Sitting here spying on you guys is a really weird thrilling feeling. Yeah. I apologize for all the coffee chimes. Oh, I tried earlier. I'm sorry. It's so great. I want 45 minutes of that, and three of me, and then we're done. Well, you're in. Guess what? Yeah. Here it comes. It does not go any better off at all. Yeah. Our favorite is to ask you a question and then tell you what our answer is for that question. And then whatever time remains, you can tell. Oh, I know. I'm a longtime listener. Can we help you out? Are you? Big fan. Who's your favorite? Yeah, of course. You're my favorite because you brought me on. Yeah. Even though Will and I just worked together. We did. We did. How you did? We did. That's right. Did you guys have scenes together? We did. Really? Wait, that sounds like a lot. We don't want to say too much. Let's start with that. Let's tell them about your film coming out, y 'all. We're in a film called Behemoth. Okay. I'll say. It's Behemoth and directed by Tony Gilroy, the great Tony Gilroy. The coolest. Is the coolest guy of all time. Hey, Will, why don't you try to book him, huh? Yeah, why don't we get him out? I'd love to have. I am going to get Tony. I am going to have to. Oh, my God. Dude. I'll fan all of that. By the way, the listener, please look Tony Gilroy up and you'll be amazed at just his credits alone. He's just incredible. Michael Clayton, his first film somehow, which he's been next. The first film that he directed. Yeah, that he directed. Yeah. He's an incredible writer, but that's a perfect movie. You get to Robert Ellsworth to be the DP on that, right out of the gate. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's like Citizen Kane. He's like, how about this? I'll try this job and it's perfect, but he's so cool and so chill and he makes it look so easy. I was just entirely obsessed with him and his wife. He's got a real cool thing. Like you and Amanda Jason. He's like that. They're like just cool and obsessed with each other. Amanda's cool. Amanda's cool. She cares about us. Yeah. Yeah. The great Tony Gilroy. God, we love him. We love him. I will say. What can I tell you something funny? Olivia, it happened to me last week. I want to listen to them in the sun. This is for us. So I had dinner with Tony like two weeks ago and here in LA and then I talked about reshooting your stuff. That's weird. I was here. No way. Keep going. We just got you. And I we split the bells so we both put our cards down when we signed the thing or whatever we split. We've surprisingly got half out of you a couple days later. No, I did go through the bill. I kept going. You had two drinks, right? You hadn't. Without a touch. Who were the french fries? If I'm looking at the dessert, like I never even touched it. And so then so we spent and then a couple days later I go shopping to buy a few new items to get some clothes and the bill was was pretty hefty and I give him the card. The guy gives a back come and he hands me the card back and I'm talking to my friend and I look down and it says Tony kill him and try the card. Yeah. So I go over and then I text him and I go, hey man, so listen, you're about to get a big charge. And so he goes, oh shit. And he goes, I'm going back to New York, he goes, all right, I'll come over and grab it from you. I'm right around the corner. And he goes, I don't, I'm trying to think if I bought anything in the last couple of days and there's a pause in the test and he goes, the only thing I thought I, I think I bought embarrassingly enough are moth balls. What? He goes. That's relatable. Yeah. He's got something. He loves guys got a lot of cashmere. He does. He does. He does a lot of cashmere. He's stylish. I bet he sleeps in cashmere. Yeah. He sure he does. But this movie is, is starring Pedro Pascal and I have no idea when it comes out, but it's going to be so good because there are at least seven composers on that film. It's a film about music and Pedro plays a cellist and you also play a musician. Yes. Did you get to play music in the movie? No. No, I'm kind of. I read it. I think I read it. I read my things. No, I read it. I thought it was about it. What, what, what instrument did they say your character played well? They just said it just a bunch just he's just kind of like an all around kind of whatever is available. Yeah. And he's kind of see it often like I don't know if you're catching my 10, 10 ,000 yard stairs kind of a guy's got a lot going on inside. Yeah. Yeah. I love when you I love when you wet the reed. Hopefully it's. Oh, I'm sick. Wind and turn it. Yeah. So surely it's about it's about it's about conductors, composers, sort of, right? Yeah. And like film composition, like music for film and it's kind of a love letter to that world and they show that process, which is so cool. Yeah. It's cool. Wow. Yeah. That is something that that your average movie goer does not get a chance to learn about. Yeah. Exactly. It's fascinating. It's really, really fascinating kind of getting in and out of them. The people who who inhabit that world and what they are and you know, and some of them are just the most brilliant. And Will plays Pedro's brother. Yeah. Put that together in your head. Yeah. Wow. Make that make sense. Yeah. And it does because you're that good. It was the tan. It's the tan that you currently have. That's why you're still wearing all the makeup. Thank you. Yeah. There is. No. You've got it. All right. Well, let's talk about it like I'm not here. Okay. No. All right. He's good. All right. So we've we've got we started at the end. Let's go back to the beginning. Hey, Livie. Nineteen. I don't think I've ever called you Livie. Now, this has gotten some press before and I apologize to ask you about it. Here we go. But here we go. Some of our listeners have discussed it. I know why. It's but it's but it's but it's cute. I like it. You had to change your name. Didn't you doll? I you know, I I didn't have to. I chose to. Oh, you kind of had to let's walk the audience through the original. I don't know this. What are we doing? It's fun. It's real fun. It's it's fun. But it's but it's but it's it's it's got some real lineage to it too. So go go ahead here. Yes. Okay. Thank you so much. I was born with a different name. My family name is actually Coburn, but it's pronounced Coburn, but it's spelled and I'm going to I weirdly have a visual for this note listener. You won't get it. But for these guys. But my last name is Oh, wow, Cockburn, cockburn, you were just talking about cockburn, like two days ago. That's right. Cause didn't were you still talking about it? I don't forget that particular is behind a dumpster. Right. Anyway, whatever. Yeah. You had a real case of the cockburn. I mean, if anybody has any ointment or anything, yeah, yeah, let me know. Wait, it's really pronounced Coburn. It's okay. But this is the thing. That's not unusual. It is pronounced Coburn. I've never expected anyone in my life to ever be able to to under to get that to predict that. So C .K. By his way, so people can say oh, sorry, sorry, C O C K B you are and cockburn very literally how you would imagine it being spelled and it's a name to grow up with to build character, you know, to it's a boy named Sue. And it, yeah, my family are all amazing writers and journalists and just bad ass people. And that book you just held up is that so many from your family? Yeah. This is my sweet assistant has built this little tower for the microphone and she happened to use all these books that are written by my family just to intimidate me. That's amazing. Remind me I haven't done shit in my life and they're very impressive, but they're all amazing. Yeah. Well, then, but so a how early did you change the name and you landed on wild because of your affinity for Oscar? Wow. Oh, wow. And so I changed it when I was 18, I right when you legally can, if you can believe it, but hang on, but you went through the toughest teasing years with that name. Oh, yeah. How'd that go? I think it's I truly think it's good for you. I think I think that everyone should be given one really devastating part of their name. Just so you I was just talking to Dax about this because he also he he this was also where he wanted to start. Yeah. Like, yeah. Well, we were a child of that podcast. That's true. I've never spoken to Dax about his name. What do we know about? What do we know about Dax's first name? It's actually Cockburn. Yeah. What is that is Dax? Dax is actually his name. No, I think it's Dax. No, he's born Dax. Forget why his mom. Daxle. What was that? Daxle. Oh, no. You're going to never ask him about that. Daxle. I have and I forget. Dax it. So wait a minute. I love you. So did you so when you so 18 why 18 because I so you wanted to change it forever? Well, no, I'm, you know, I I moved out here. I came right from boarding school. I came right to LA and I was a casting assistant and I was doing, I was going to auditions and I was like, I want to forge my own path and I had, I wanted to change my name. And I had like great affinity for other people who had done that. I thought it was really cool when other people had done that. And I was like, I want what would I do? And I, the first play I did that I really loved was the importance of being earnest. And then I read everything that Oscar Wilde wrote and I just became obsessed with him. And he's Irish. My family's Irish. So that's how it happened. Yeah. I didn't think it would be interpreted. So like pornographic like the first 10 years of my career, every headline, every magazine which is like, get wild, like born to be wild, wet and wild. And I was like, oh fuck, I didn't really think that's right. You use a little Cockburn right now. She kept it as a middle name. Wonderful. I did. No. Wait, but what about being an assistant casting director? Was that what, now I would imagine that would have given you some comfort as you started auditioning that you'd kind of been on the other side of it and you kind of, was it less intimidating? You know, I did it because Keener had done it. I was obsessed with Catherine Keener and she had done it and it's not something most casting directors will let you do like they don't usually hire wannabe actors because it's like dangerous. You have little spies in the office. But I worked for Mally Finn. Do you guys remember Mally? Did you remember Mally? Yeah. She was a legend and so I worked for her first when I was 16 and then when I was 18. So when I was 16, I did it for a summer and then she let me come back at 18 and have a real job. And I worked there for almost a year and it was wild. I really saw how the sausage was made. Were you outside like in the sort of reception area and watching everyone practice their faces and mop their brow and listen to them? Oh my God. And it was so many people I later worked with and I was like, I've seen you in another light when you're mad at me because it's taking too long and parking is annoying and you're late and you want coffee. Uh huh. We'll be right back. The future of law is a gentic. Not just tools that assist, but AI agents that navigate complex matters. Harvey was built on legal agents that analyze draft and execute with precision. But great lawyers don't just complete tasks. They strategize. That's why Harvey created agents that can do the work from end to end. They build a plan, pull from secure data sources, run subagents in parallel and draft the work product ready for your review. So you delegate the work and own the judgment. Harvey agents support work across fund formation, litigation, regulatory compliance, M &A and more, adapting to the complexity of each matter and the way your team actually works, trusted by more than 60 % of the AMLA 100 and leading Fortune 500 legal teams. Harvey is the AI operating system designed specifically for legal work, helping teams move faster with greater precision and confidence. Harvey, AI tailored for law. Learn more at harvey .ai. Harvey does not provide legal advice and users should always independently review and verify any output provided by Harvey. This episode of Smartless is brought to you in part by Skinny Pop Popcorn. Sometimes when you're in the snacking mood, it's easy not to have to think. Snacking should be simple, like Skinny Pop Popcorn. It's made with quality ingredients and still delivers delicious flavor. Start with original Skinny Pop. It's made with just three simple ingredients so you don't need a science degree to understand what's in it. Feeling fancy but not too fancy? Give white cheddar a try. The sweet and salty kettle is always a family favorite and the butter variety, it never fails for nights that involving couch, a screen and absolutely nowhere else to be. No matter the pick, Skinny Pop delivers light, airy and endlessly delicious popcorn you can feel good about. Almost every night at my house is movie night and that's when I grabbed the butter Skinny Pop. It's so delicious. Deliciously popped, perfectly seasoned Skinny Pop popular for a reason. The place you call home is important to you, so it's important to all state. Because home is where you make all your memories. Like forcing your grown siblings to wear matching PJs in front of the fireplace for your annual photo. It might not be a memory they cherish, but it's one you'll never forget. If it's important to you, it's important to all state. Switch to all state and you could save hundreds on home insurance today. Not available in every state, potential savings vary subject to terms and qualifications. All state North American Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois. Alright, back to the show. Did it help you at all understand the audition process, like did you feel like it gave you a leg up? Yeah. Also, she had crazy high standards, so she would not accept anybody unprepared or not off book. Like she would stop people and say, why don't you come back when you've done the work. And I loved that it gave me this sense of like, you better be really prepared. Like I never have gone to an audition without being prepared, but she had crazy stories. And the thing that I love is that while I was working there, there was like this great legend. Hang on. Let me drink my coffee. Because... And then just come it right out. Okay. Oh yeah. So while I was working there, there was like the legend of the Sam Rockwell audition. And it was like she would tell us like, the best audition I've ever seen was Sam Rockwell auditioning for the Green Mile. Now. Jason's directing him right now. Let me tell you this and please repeat this to him at work today. So she said, he came in and it was the last day of the director's sessions, the last possible day you could audition. And he came in and he had been given the wrong scenes. And this man, Sam Rockwell, he didn't even pause. He said, well, give me the correct scenes and I'll go learn them really quickly. And they said, that's impossible, Sam. It's 10 pages of dialogue. You can't possibly. No one could do it. And he was like, just give me a chance. I don't want to miss this opportunity. So they gave him the right scenes. He goes into the hallway. They only have five minutes to give him to learn the lines. He comes back in and he nails it. And they were floored and he got the role. And she said, that, that's an actor who can work that quickly. So years later, I'm working with Sam and I'm sitting next to him in the makeup chair. And I was like, Sam, it's so nice to meet you. What an honor. I have to tell you, I always heard this story when I was an assistant and it just really inspired me. And he goes, oh, oh, yeah, that was like a thing I used to do. That worked every time. And I was like, are you fucking kidding me? Oh, that's great. I have been brilliant. So like he, I thought that this, he, I revered his ability to like flash memorize. He knew he had the correct size. It was a whole performance. Oh my God. So it, it's so genius because it lowers their expectations. Then if you even like say half the things right, they're like, God damn, this man learned this. He's so real. He's a crafty bugger. Oh, yeah. So we're all greater that rock. I'd better keep my knees bent. This is like, and the way it's so sanding, he's like, oh, yeah, that's just like a thing I used to do. Yeah. And I was like, wow. He deserves an awesome. I did. I don't know if I told this before, but we can cut this out if it's boring. Already too boring? No, no, no. John got pre -cut. Pre -cut. So I went to go audition for the bucket. It lists with the brilliant Rod Reiner, the rest of the soul. He was amazing. And he, and I walk in and I had the wrong sides, right? I'd worked for a real for a long time and I walked in and I had all like, it wasn't even slightly wrong. It was completely rewrote all these scenes. And I started auditioning with the, with the scene and he's like, what are you doing? I'm like, what do you mean? And he's like, these are, who gave you these sides? Like my agent? He's like, no, there's a whole new script. And he's like, I'm like, I didn't know that. I go, great. Then let me come back a week later and I'll go work on them. So I work on them and I had this bit already and I walk in and it's just me and Rob and like, produce a couple of producers in the castrator. And I was like, you ready? He's like, yeah. And then I started going, why did you order the, so bad, like the horse acting you've ever seen on purpose? I go, why did you order the code red? I didn't tell you to order the code red. You want the truth. You can't handle the truth. And I stopped and he's laughing and I go, did I get the wrong side? That's really great. I started doing the scene from a few good men. That are so good. Did he give me the part? Yeah, I got it. Yeah. Very nice. So nice. So now Olivia, what now that you're on the other side of the table in these auditions is you're directing these things. Are you, are you incredibly more compassionate? Yes. And I take like 12 hours per session because I know you go, I want to hear it all, even if I know from the first moment that it's not going to be them, I'm like, I, this is your time. And it's a disaster for everyone else because I will milk it. It's so hard. Auditioning is a fucking nightmare. And these people, they come and they're so vulnerable and yeah, being on that side definitely made me a little, a little kinder. But there's so much more also self taping now where it's all self tape, isn't it? Oh, yeah. That part seems fantastic, right? Well, yeah. Just record your audio. And then the pressure's off. I like the room. I like the room. Yeah. Well, what if you don't do well, what if you forget your lines with the self tapes, you don't send it until you're happy with it. But you overthink it. And I mean, can you imagine how much the overthinking and also what I find is when people send me tapes, they've overthought the framing, the lighting, people have full setups now and I'm like, you don't need that. I'd rather have someone's like shitty iPhone selfie video in their car on the way to their real job than like, yeah, I'd rather have been like a full setup that I'm like, you didn't have to do that for me. I don't need all this. But Olivia, what made you, how did you know that you wanted to just move to Los Angeles and work in a casting director's office? Well, truly. Keener. You moved from where? I read the Keener done it. I'm why moot. I was at boarding school in Massachusetts. Okay. Who went to boarding school here? You said somebody did it. Oh, you did? Yeah. Where did you go? In Canada. We don't talk about it. Okay. We had a bad break. We had a bad break. Okay. Well, mine was, it's tough, but I, I went to a fancy one. I can't complain. It was very bougie, but I, I graduated and left the suburbs of Massachusetts after growing up in New York and then D .C. And I had never spent much, much time in the West Coast. I thought L .A. sounded like this like incredible mecca of excitement. And I came out here and took like two city buses to work every day in the casting office and then started auditioning and, you know, kind of like scraped my way up slowly. But it was really the dream from the beginning. So for me, it was very exciting even just to be here. Where'd you stay when you came out? Did you, did you move into the Oakwoods? No, I thought it would have been fun. That sounded so fun for those people. I did. I did a few ball seasons. So for Tracy, that's a place where the actors would go stay when they came out. It was like a corporate housing and there would be that thing. I remember pilot season, you'd have like six auditions a day and you're not getting anything. And the back gate is on, on barham over there on the way down the hill towards Warner Brothers. And on the back gate, when you leave, there's a sign on the gate and you have to wait for it to slowly open. And it said, smile, it's show time. And there'd be a day and it's like February and it's running all day and you're like going back for a crappy pilot and you've just been like, oh, like this work was 31, nothing is happening. Smile, it's show time. Fuck me. Well, I had given myself a limit because I had taken a deferred from college and I was like, I'm giving myself a year or like nine months. And if I don't book anything in that time, I'll go. I think that's good. I think giving yourself a little bit of a death. What was the thing that you would have gone back and studied in college? I mean, acting, I mean, it would have, I think I would have studied, I really probably would have become a writer like everyone else in my family or I would have tried. So, but now if I went back, which I like to fantasize about, I think it would be like complete. I think I want to study neuroscience. I'd like to go and do it. Wouldn't that be cool? There'd be a bunch of math I'd have to catch up on though, which is not. I've got a couple of friends that are doctors and I just, they walk on water to me. Yes, yes. I just like, that's really, like you certainly aren't born with any sort of natural talent to cut people's brains open and fix it. You could be born with talent to throw a football 100 yards or whatever, but you don't come out with it. So it's all learned, you have to learn so much and you don't learn it until you're read it or it's explained to you or you have to retain all that. Yes, yes. And self education, I think it's in crime. I wonder if they are born though with something. Maybe you are born with - Well, you just have to, you have to, and affinity your intelligence. Yeah, or learn early. That's why I'd get into neuroscience because I'd want to get in there and see if they are born with it. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah, get in there. Put them open and that's how we'd learn if they are born with it. Yeah, you fucking dummy. That's why I'm doing it. Yes. You think Dr. Gary walks on water, by the way? I do. He's an emergency room physician. He's got to disrespect his golf game because he's so straight and he's always in the fair way. But what about, I have a friend that was like, he's like, I don't trust doctors. I don't believe in them. I think, you know, statins, like just, he goes on and on about like what's - You're talking about RFK Jr.? Yeah. You're a top dog? Yeah, I'm having dinner with him tonight. Yeah. No, but at the top dog. No, but like, what do you think about these people who don't ever, who constantly put doctors down? I'm with you. I'm like, I've taken the two choices about someone who, you know, stuff you read online or like self -help, whatever, and somebody who studied it day in and day out. I'm going to go with the guy who studied it. Yeah, just assuming that those doctors must be wrong. Like, wait, what? Also, also that there's a bigger conspiracy at play here that they're looking to take the, what does it take the world over? They've all worked out everybody. They figured out how to trick us all. Right. Sean, trust doctor is too much. I mean, I would say that maybe. Yeah, he's got a punch card. Yeah, it's at Cedars. No, he's, they're calling paddles when he comes in. He's got AFid and he's always getting it fired up. I mean, I had to play a doctor to be anywhere near it. House. Let's talk about house. That wasn't me trying to like segue into it. No, no. Not at all. We appreciate the help. No. And for our Canadian listeners, it's the show known as House. Yes, yes. Creative by Canadians. House. Wasn't that next door to us over there on the Fox side for a development? I thought you meant Canada. Oh, man. I wish I was on your show. I wish we were all back on the 20th lot. Wasn't that great? Just going to Apple Pan every day for lunch. Apple Pan's in my life. Is that still there? Oh, yeah. I think it is there. I think Irving Aesoff. Yeah, I go there after therapy. Didn't Irving Aesoff buy Apple Pan? That's right. Is that all I'm thinking of, Nate? No, you're correct. Me? Sean, you go there after therapy. So once all the feelings come up, you go to stuff and back down? Yes. With the tuna melt and the milkshake. Yes. Oh, good. And fries. All right. All right. So we're back. We're going to go back in the time machine. What is Olivia Coburn watching when she's a wee lass that's inspiring her to become an actor? Okay. This is the thing. I think about this a lot now. Now, my family, we watched a lot of comedy together and it is my greatest memory from childhood is the sound of my parents laughing and all of us laughing and my mom has a really funny thing. She's still like cries when she laughs and it's just adorable and she would always be like wiping away tears and my dad laughing so hard. All of us. And when I think about it, it was a lot of comedy that I wouldn't have been absorbing the real meaning of. I mean, a lot of... A taxi on the family. Yeah. Yeah. And we watched a lot of comedy that was probably a little too adult. And then we watched Wayne's World a thousand times. For some reason, Wayne's World was a huge movie in our family, but a lot of SNL. And it was a real joy to just sit and watch all the Monty Python together a lot. We just... It was the best. And I think for me, watching comedy, even watching like for me, I love Lucy. I went to a lot of old comedy television. Yeah, we do too. I do too. I watch Cheers a lot. Cheers. The best. Cheers. God, I love Cheers. And so I think about like, oh, of course, that's where I find myself now wanting to make comedies because it's just, I think it is probably the happiest memories from childhood. I think I'm trying to recreate that feeling. But did you go like, oh, I'm going to go and do this and I want to be in comedy? Like, was that... Yes. Yes. Yeah. I think probably because it was, I probably at the earliest age saw how happy it was making my parents. Like, I think, and then I would, I was the ham of the family. And so I would make them laugh and then I would, I was the ham of the family. And I would go and like just entertain everyone. And they always had parties, my family, my parents are very social and very good hosts. And so they had these amazing parties all the time. And it was my joy in life to go and like perform as the little kid. So, but I really think it was from watching all these great movies together. And I think about it because I'm like, am I showing my kids enough like great films? I hope so. Jason, you're good about it with Franny. You've been so good about that. I put them in front of the TV before they could even speak because that was my upbringing. I mean, that did like, you know... Because you were playing golf. Yes. You're busy. But, you know, they got to learn somehow, you know, colors and numbers and things. No, but you've talked to the last couple of years, like you and Franny talk about film and you sort of put a lot of good stuff in front of her, like that's been important to you. Yeah. Yeah. Really important to me. It's because that's what I had with my dad. It was a great subject matter and shared references and yeah, I just, I love it. Yeah. You don't want to expose your four year old to the wire, but you know, it's just like common sense. I'm not afraid of screens. It's the best. And when they get it, it's so great. But sometimes they'll be like, they'll come back from their dad's house and be like, we had to watch 12 Angry Men and I'm like, jeez, I don't know if that's... Well, SUDS, you know, SUDS loves the 12 Angry Men. Oh, it's like, oh my God. What are your kids, what are your go to, what are the repeats? Like they will watch the same one movie over and over or like... Well, I miss when they were really into like musical theater. I mean, Otis used to be obsessed with Singing in the Rain and it was so sweet. He would watch it over and over and over again and, you know, Mary Poppins and all that. And now it's more, actually the thing that I love that he's into is Godzilla, the original, the old Godzilla. Oh, no. Like the claymation. Yeah. Like Mothra. Have you seen that? The 1960s, Godzilla's are so cool and beautiful and he and I went to Japan a couple weeks ago on like a little mom's son trip. We went for a week. Oh, so jealous. Oh, it's fun. And it was the best. It was like, it was the greatest trip I've ever taken with another person alone. Like it was, we laughed constantly and it was, it came from our shared Godzilla episode. Can I just say, isn't aside, if you guys been to Japan before, Sean, do you want to go? No, I want to go. I've been a couple of times as a kid and I have actually promised that exact trip Olivia just took to both girls individually just father -daughter time. And I have not done it yet. You've got to go. I was able, the same thing, Japan is the greatest place. I couldn't love Japan anymore. It's amazing. It's amazing. And it's great for kids. It's so clean. Like Otis couldn't get over the fact that there's no trash on the street and there's no trash cans. So it's not because like, oh, they have so many trash cans. It's that they just respect the city enough to not litter. Everything about it is interesting and beautiful and we had the best time. We got on the bullet train and you, I bet you love it, Bateman, because it's very efficient. Everything about it. Like the train, he's like literally like to the second at the time that it says. It's like the opposite of Italy, even, and I love Italy too, but it's like, there is. We went on a train. It is. And Otis is like that. It is. The train will leave eventually. Make a big deal. Have a nice coffee once you get out. It's predictable. And I think kids really like that too. They like the idea that like, it's going to happen when they say it's going to happen. And they're just the coolest. I saw this thing about Japan where the, if a kid, I may have gotten this wrong. If a kid is wearing yellow, then that kid is by himself and everybody watches out for that kid. Come on. You know, like the kid. It doesn't have a. On chaperoned. On chaperoned. Yeah. On chaperoned. Wow. Or an orphan. Maybe that's an orphan uniform. Right. Just walking around looking for a home. This one's free. Just grab this one. If you want. No. I don't think so. Yeah. So Sean. Jesus. No, but I think I saw that. I don't know if that's true. I don't know about that one. That's probably not. Oh. Olivia, this is a segment we like to call it. I think I saw that. It's really a lot of conjecture. It's next to the other. I don't know why. I don't know why. I don't know why. You don't saw that. Scrubbed my search history by Sean Hay. Wait, we have to introduce that. My man dreamt this. All right. So here we go. What was the thing? What was the thing? What was the job? What was the thing that turned it all? Because you're auditioning. You're doing so. What was the thing? What was the first boom? I guess probably the OC. The OC. That's really neat. I was a bisexual bartender. Alex Kelly. And it was a big show. Bigger than I knew it was when I agreed to do it. And it was wild. You know, it's being rewatched. Oh, I know. Because these young folks know they come up to me. And I'm like, what do you mean? It's such a deep cut. But they will say, like, I love you on the show. And I'm like, what show? And it's the OC. And I can't believe it. I mean, for them, it's like Nick at night now, right? It's like old. Right, right, right. I wonder why they landed on that as opposed to, let's say, 90210 or Melrose Place or... It's close enough. And also, they're obsessed with early aughts, everything fashion now, too. So, like, it is from that era that is now weirdly coming back. And so they're into that look and the music. It's... Sean, you're about to be in style again. Oh, gee. I've been waiting. Yeah, you're like low -rise jeans and your little crop tops. Yeah. It's coming back. The thing in the mirror behind you coming up is it's closer than it looks. Yeah. We'll be right back. Guys, if you're anything like me, you eat ice cream pretty much year -round. But summer, I associate ice cream with all the time. My mochi is so delicious and fun to eat. It makes you feel the joy of ice cream again. Like you did as a kid. My mochi is creamy, premium ice cream wrapped in sweet chewy dough. It comes in delicious flavors, like strawberry, mango, and cookies and cream. And there's a brand new flavor you love, cotton candy. Straight from the county fair, this new flavor is a throwback to childhood like none other. Plus, my mochi is only around 70 calories per piece and is gluten -free. It's also easy to share because my mochi comes in a box with six individual snacks. Whenever I went out for sushi, I would always order mochi. And then when I heard about my mochi as a product, I was like, I don't need to go out to a restaurant to eat it. I can just buy it. It's so good. My favorite, cookies and cream could eat it all day long. Sometimes I do. Taste the joy of ice cream this summer with every bite of my mochi. Look for the purple box of my mochi ice cream in the freezer aisle of your local grocery store and bring back a bit of magic to your summer. When it's too hot to overthink dinner, Whole Foods Market makes summer eating feel easy. Grab best of summer fruit like peaches, organic blueberries, and organic nectarines for smoothies, salads, or snacking. Stock the cooler with poppy, waterloo, sparkling water, and more. For the grill, go with no antibiotics ever, meats, made -in -house kebabs or sausages, brioche buns, corn, zucchini, and 365 chips and dips. Shop Whole Foods Market in store or online and get your first delivery free with prime. If you don't have air conditioning where you are and it's summer and it's hot, it could mean you're tossing and turning a bit a lot and I get it, you're trying to cool off. Did you know Helix offers cooling upgrades so you can get great rest on hot nights? No wonder they're the most awarded mattress brand. Helix has over 20 high -quality mattress models to choose from, plus Helix delivers mattresses right to your door with free shipping in the U .S. There's 120 night sleep trial, limited lifetime warranty, and the happy with Helix Guarantee means seamless returns and exchanges that you put first. You know, very well, after all these years, I have a dusk luxe. I love it. I sleep on it every night and it's beautiful. Go to helixsleep .com slash smartlists for 20 % off -sitewide. That's helixsleep .com slash smartlists for 20 % off -sitewide. Make sure you enter our show name after checkout so they know we sent you helixsleep .com slash smartlists. And back to the show. All right, and then there was, then there was Girl Next Door, there was Alpha Dog. And then we got to Cowboys and Aliens. I love that movie. Change -up. When are we getting to the change -up? I mean, were there more people that saw Cowboys and Aliens or change -up? Oh, that's hard. It might have been the same five people. Let's talk about the change -up. Let's talk about it. Let's talk about it. Favorite memory of a change -up. My favorite memory is obviously sitting on your lap, topless. With pasties. No, I mean from shooting. I mean from the movie. Oh, okay. That was also fun. Yeah. That was a good time as well. We really had the best time. I loved making that movie. Right? It was a last. Ryan's the coolest. He was so fun. He was so freaking awesome. Kim. It was really fun. Down there in Atlanta. I loved it. You remember when I stopped by on the phone? Yeah, Sean, you were making three stooges at the same time. Yeah, and I walked to the mall to go see Green Lantern, and there's Jason and Ryan filming change -up in the middle of the mall. Oh, wow. And I walked right in the middle of the scene. I was like, hey guys. Oh, they should have kept that movie with them better. Yeah. With the curly wig on? Yeah. Totally. At the fountain. I think it was the fountain right in the middle of the mall. Oh, right. The fountain. You guys were so good. You were so funny together. I got a bogey over by the fountain. Totally. I was shuffled along very quickly. And then we do drinking buddies. Joe Swanberg. That was completely improvised. Completely improvised. Yeah, that's like the true Swanbergian way, which is kind of that mumblecore, which I think they hate that word mumblecore seems very, I don't know. Oh, for me. It was the, you get, there's no script. There's a sort of outline. And then you just improvise. What is this for? Oh, this was a movie called drinking buddies. Oh, drinking buddies. Isn't that similar to what they do on a curb your enthusiasm? Sean, you've done that. Yeah. So there's no, there's no written script. Kind of zero. You just got to hit the beats and then you started writing. It's super fun. It's so great. And it was the first time I kind of took myself seriously as potentially being able to write something or maybe direct something one day because we were really in control of the story and that it was a collective effort and that. And it makes it more real. It was so fun. It makes it very real. And it was, we kept learning from what happened and then letting that affect the next scene. So it was like, oh, now this would happen to these people. It was shot in order. We shot it mostly in order and that led to then the movie that I just directed, this movie, the invite that I did completely in order and it was all really started in drinking buddies days when I was like, this is so fun. And it was, it was a dream. I loved making that movie in Chicago, drinking beer. I love that. So that was my next question is, so did drinking buddies inspire you to want to direct? Yeah. Is that, is that their experience? Yeah. I kind of, I want to do before, but that was the first time that I was like, wait, I think I might know how to put a scene together because I was given the chance to sort of be a part of that process. And it was, I was like, this is the most fun. And now having done both obviously scripted and this version where it's improv through an outline, do you prefer one or the other or? I think there's a, what I prefer is what I ended up getting to do on this movie, which was we workshoped the script together as cast and writers. And then we were able to shoot in order, shoot it. Yeah, it was like a play. And it was a very well thought out script ultimately, but we had kind of worked it together and in not in a full like Mike Lee way where we spent like a year improvising on a cliffside or something. It's not that. But it was very, it was very organic because we had come, we had really massaged it together. And then once we got on set, we knew exactly what we were doing. I like that. Well, so tell the audience a little bit more about that one. This was called the invite and it's inspired by or based on. Based on a Spanish film. Okay. Okay. So yeah, so tell me, how did it kind of get started? Who watched the film first? Who called each, who called the other person and say, you know, let's, let's do it this way. Okay. So Rashida Jones and Wilma Cormack. Yeah, I love. Rope, we love. We love. Yeah, love. Rev, the English language adaptation of a Spanish film that was called the People Upstairs. And it was a small Spanish film that was based on a play that you can sort of see the origins of it as a play because it's four people in one apartment. And that's the whole, the whole thing takes place with four people one apartment over one night. And the idea is that it's a kind of a dinner party gone wrong. It's about a husband and wife, in our version, it's myself and Seth Rogen, who have been kind of plagued by the sounds of our neighbors upstairs having very loud sex, and it's been driving Seth's character kind of insane. And unbeknownst to him, I've invited these people over for dinner, and he's furious because he doesn't want to have dinner with anyone. He's tired from work, but he says, fine, if you've ambushed me with this, I'm going to bring up the noise from upstairs. And I'm like, over my dead body, you'll bring up that noise, you will not please just try to be normal and have a normal night so we can have friends. And so the whole night, he's kind of threatening to bring up this thing, and they are endlessly kind of sexy and enigmatic, and they end up really blowing our minds and changing our marriage in one night. And the other couple is Penelope Cruz and Edward Norton. I mean, it's insane. It's insane. And so Rashida and Will wrote the English version, and I got that script, and I was like, this is hilarious. And it was clearly an opportunity to make something in this way that I had been obsessing over since DrinkingBuddy. So I was like, okay, we can shoot this in order, and we can really personalize this script together and workshop it and make it really specific to these actors. And we can shoot it on 35 millimeter and we can make it really fun. And I'm obsessed with Mike Nichols, so I was like, this can be our Virginia wolf. And it was the best experience of my life. And Will, I love working with you guys. This one was great. But then so you take this great script from Rashida and Will, but then the four of you get together, the cast, and do you guys start to take an even plus the script because of the specificity of each actor? Yes. And we really, the six of us sat for two weeks. This was the thing. I was like, can we stop giving away rehearsal time immediately when we make movies? Like, it's the first thing we give up. We were just talking about this recently. Impossible. Yeah. To convince people. Really agents. Agents were like, no, he's not available until the minute you start rolling the camera. Why? Why can't we consider it part of the job? Yeah. Can you imagine doing that for theater? If it was like, no, I'll be there for previous. Yeah. And what they do is then they pro -rate their salary. They say, well, so an extra two weeks of work at this number. Yeah, Jason's also an agent. I don't know if you knew that. Yeah. Be my agent, please. But it really was so fun because the six of us sat at this table and we tore through the script and Rashida and Will were so game to kind of let it evolve to what these actors were thinking. Oh, that's fun. Yeah. And it was so fun. And it was like, imagine, I mean, Seth and Edward and Penelope are all real filmmakers on their own. I mean, they're directors. They're writers. And so the opportunity to kind of get all of their good ideas and put them in there. And Edward is on another. First of all, Edward's maybe one of my favorite smart list guests. Yeah. He's maybe that episode is really great. Really, really great. So smart. He's so funny. Yeah. And people don't even. So funny. People do know it. But I'm obsessed with him. And he ended up improvising like an entire monologue in the third act of this movie that is so beautiful. And it really just, it was his gift to us to just kind of like, he said to me, I'm going to, I have a story I want to tell on the scene. I kind of don't want to tell you what it is. And I was like, okay. Yeah. How long like roughly just because we're like rolling film and I was paying for the film. And I was like, wait, it's just like how, how. Was it longer than a full mag? I put a thousand for the mag on the camera. And I was like, go. And he used it. And it was really great. And but it was finale because came up with the funniest set piece in the movie. And it was all with the, you know, workshopping was Rashida and Will who would man just like run with the punches of, of, of. Roll or run? Do you roll or you roll with them? You roll with the bunch. They roll and ran. They ran with the ball. They ran with the ball. Yeah. It was the best. And then I wasn't supposed to be in the movie, but the actors bullied me into playing that part, which was very, which was very sweet of them. Well, now how do you find that? Do you find it, do you find it efficient to direct yourself or do you find it distracting? I think in this case it was efficient because it was so intimate. It was almost like having one less body on set was actually really helpful. And I think that it allowed me to see things they were all doing. These geniuses were doing so many little things that I could see things the camera couldn't see. And so I'd be like, oh, okay. Now we need to come around because Seth is doing something that I actually need us to get. And so in that way it was good. I feel like it could be very difficult in a different situation. I also was playing someone who was like riddled with anxiety and which helped because I could just kind of be me. Were they comfortable with you directing them inside a take? Or did you have to wait until you yelled cut before you gave them notes? I wasn't. I didn't do a like, okay. Give me a little more. Give me a little more. I'm still rolling. I want more. Go deeper. I didn't do that at all. I didn't care. Directed. No. I really believe in letting people kind of play and try things. And then knowing that what I really can do as a director is later on prune and adjust things in the edit. So I just think it was like encouraging them to keep experimenting. And with Seth, I would have to tell him that he could be meaner to me because our characters, it's a very contentious relationship. And there's a lot of arguing and he's a very non -confrontational person. So the most direction I gave Seth was like, you can fucking scream at me. Like I can take it. And angry Seth is a thing to behold. He's got it in him. It turns out. How many days was it then? 23. Yes. So fast. And like just the best. I mean, we were on this little sound stage since at Las Palmas. It's the pink one. If you remember the opening of the player when he drives in, it's bad. Oh, yeah. And it's iconic. It's great and tiny. And we built the set on stage and we just, you know, banged it out. And then a year later went to Sundance. It was so fast. We get in the weeds for one second. Did you have multiparking cameras? We had one camera. No. And then towards the last week we brought in a second camera because we wanted to just be able to. There were some scenes that they benefited from two cameras, but I didn't want to. I felt like I had been inspired by like Tarantino saying like, don't be a hack. Have one camera. Pick your perspective. Anytime you have two cameras, one shot is suffering. And I was like, oh, that's cool. Well, but you've got these four people talking all the time. And so you've got to do it four times at least so that everyone gets a camera pointed at them. Yes. And we did a lot of like shared frame. That's why it is very theatrical in that way that like there's a lot of times we're sharing the frame, which is why we had the best focus puller in the world who could somehow predict when someone was going to improvise a joke. And it's also better I think for comedy because there's nothing worse than coming back between singles in comedy. Yeah. Love seeing people inhabiting the same frame in a comedy. Oh, it's so thrilling because they really did that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's so much better. So if you take a left on Los Palmas, like how like street parking, obviously, again, Jason, I know that it won't. Where did the trucks go? Also editing, editing comedy too, I just find we, I always think, you know, I gave you or whoever it is. They gave you the comedy timing while you were filming it. And then editor cuts, plays with it. It's like, no, we gave you the timing when we were filming it. Yes. That's what it is. Exactly. Yeah. It's why wonders are so good. Exactly. Because they're just fully intact. Yeah. But you had, you had so much technique and know how an execution right out of the gate with Booksmart was like, just like a stunning accomplishment of - That must have felt so good. It was so good. That was your first movie you directed. Yeah. It's insane. It's insane. I think that it really was because my proxy film school, because I didn't go to college, didn't go to film school, and I was always insecure about that lack of education. And I think that being on so many sets as an actor, I just paid attention to everything. And I just tried to absorb it. But yeah, I think Booksmart, I think often your first movie is the one you've been building up for your entire life. And you put all of your ideas into it. And you have so much to give. And you're lucky if it resonates with people. And I got so lucky because it happened to hit a place and a lot of people's kind of shared trauma of adolescence. That's the thing I love about high school movies. But just the making of it, Olivia. And the stuff that you wouldn't have been around to observe and to sort of cherry pick from these great directors and all this post -incredableness in that film. The editing style, the choice and the use of music and stuff like that's all shit that people usually need like a handful of movies under their belt before they really kind of - I don't know. I'm so happy. Again, I'm doing the science of it as you're born with it. You're born with it. Yeah, we're going to cut you open and take a look. You're born with it. Yeah, get in there. Yeah. I love it. I'm a much better director than actor, but I love acting too. I don't know about that. Directing? Are you? Guys, tell me, am I wrong? Yeah, you're wrong. No, I just love it. You paused after you said that. I did. I was like, so Olivia, what's going on when you're not working? Pickleball or what? Oh, no. Should I learn it? Fuck. I was in Central Park the other day and they were playing it and someone was playing like Jimi Hendrix and the stereo and everybody was playing pickleball and I was like, what a beautiful hobby that I don't do, but I like to watch. Yeah. What is the hobby someone would be surprised to learn that you've got? It's just us. No one's listening. It's just us. Between us, gals. Yeah, or the pastime or like the guilty TV or the thing. Do you have a thing that you do? You're like, oh my God, I can't believe I'm wasting my time doing this. I don't really. I don't. I mean, hobbies. Yeah. I mean, I feel like I'm really recently, it's like I'm working or I'm mothering. Yeah. It's the dumbest thing that you do because like, you know, the directing is like, you can't stop thinking because there's never a, you've never had it all figured out. So like, what do you do that requires zero thinking? Do you ever just stare at the television and just talk to you? Yeah. Yeah. I love you. You get wrapped up in crap. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I just watched love is blind. Oh, God. I just watched love is blind. So good. I did four hours of below deck yesterday. You did? Oh, nice. I did four hours of below deck yesterday. I did 90 day fiance before the 90 days. I've been a bunch of people. Wow. I love you. What any reality? I mean, I love love on the spectrum. That is that makes me cry. Yeah. Yeah. And I love it so much. Incredible. And no, I mean, I love a housewife, but I, I think that for me, it's like, Oh, any city on housewives. I like Beverly Hills, but I, I think that any city will do it for me. But I think that like, I just watched all of love story and I got really into it. That's the Ryan Murphy. Oh, yeah. That's the Carol. Right, right, right, right. Got really into that. And it's not quite reality TV, but you still feel like a little, there's something a little guilty pleasure about it. I haven't watched that bad. The only bummer about that love story to me is that it's me. They die in the end. No, it says, what? It's made to Odeon really busy again and dry back. Oh, yeah. Oh my God. That's. Oh, yeah. All these people are coming at that. Oh, get out of here. Oh, that's the restaurant we ate. Yeah. Before we let you go, because we're coming up on the end here. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Talk to us about another new thing coming up called I Want Your Sex. I do. I want your sex. Right. All right. It is. Got a clip. That is, I want it. That is Gregoraki, who is a real, like, very cool filmmaker, who is a real LA filmmaker. He is, or an auteur. And wild. I mean, very, very much an individual. And I play a dominatrix. And of course, and I get to - And you're dominating your dominating sweet hookup of Hoffman. You know, he doesn't deserve to get whipped. He loved it. He's the best. And it is a very, very campy, fun movie. And it was really cool, because when we were at Sundance with The Invite, I want your sex premiered on Friday and The Invite was Saturday. And I just felt so lucky to be able to - That's amazing. Like, to be a part of this fun business where we get to tell all these crazy stories. And they both got bought magically. And so, and they're coming out right after each other. No way. And it's so fun. It's like Invite. So, yeah. So I want your sex comes out July 23rd, which is in about 10 days from this air date here. And The Invite is out now. Invite's already out. Yeah. It came out June 26th. June 26th, New York. That's my birthday. You're not on my birthday, guys. Now you have plans. No, we have plans. I mean, you did love them. We saw it. Yeah, on my birthday. My birthday. And you had the best time. And everyone laughed so hard. Yes. I loved it. I loved it. Oh, I'm glad you loved it. Yeah. Your favorite film, come on. Of all three? You liked the beginning and you loved the middle, but it was the end. The gut. Yeah. Yeah, really. She shed a tear. Mm -hmm. I walked out and not dry. And then we're going to all look forward to the behemoth with sweetly willy Arnett coming out sometime next year, right? At some point. Meanwhile, you're probably hard at work, getting ready to direct your next incredible movie. We're all waiting for it. Keep jamming. Please be in it. You're the best. Can you just give us a hint of what you're working on or an area or no? It's a comedy. It's a Christmas comedy. I'm in. I'm already in. I love a Christmas company. You should see Sean play an elf. He did it with Kenny Rogers. He was on the reverse. Yeah. Please come be an elf. I'll send myself tape over with real good lighting. Yes. I actually put myself in a winter wonderland. Just so you can really get it. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Great. What was your line? What was your line? Sin. I don't know when to hold him or when to fold. Hold him. That's what it was. That's what it was. We love you Olivia. I love you guys. Thank you for having me. What a dream. Congrats on everything. Yeah. Super, super congrats. Thank you. Keep going, girl. Thanks. Bye. See you soon. Bye. Bye. Bye. Wow. That's the incredibly charming Olivia Wilde. Love her. Love her. You can tell she's funny. She's super funny. Super funny. So smart. So, so smart. And so cool. I'm so excited that she's directing and that it's just like she could like just do it forever, you know? Yeah. She's incredible at it. She's got every gear. She's got every gear. She's got every gear. She's got a director. And they're all working. They're all working. I'd love to have a gear. Would be nice. A gear. She's got them all. You know? What are you doing? What are you doing with your life? Well, I don't know. I tell you what I am doing on October 17th. What do you, what's that? Huh? Well, if you're going to be smart, let's not come slash live. You'll find out what I'm doing. It has to do with the Hollywood Bowl. I'll just say that. I'll just say that. I'll just say that. What's happening? What's happening? That's smartless .com slash live has to do with the Hollywood Bowl. What do you mean? And you know what? I'm going to invite you guys. What? Join me. I'm available. Oh, yeah. What are we going to be doing? We're going to do a live smartless show at the Hollywood Bowl. Smell as I come slash live on October 17th. It's going to be so it's going to be awesome. Wow. Listen, what we're going to do is we're going to, you know, New York's got the. Finally, Jason's got one. New York's got the apple. LA's got the orange. And so what we're going to do is since, you know, the Hollywood Bowl is such a big part of LA. We're going to go ahead and take up out of the orange. We're going to take a big buy. We're. Ever. Smiles. Smiles is 100 % organic and artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barbico, Michael Granteri, and Rob Umjurf. Smiles. Waking up exhausted foggy and running on empty. For me, one of the missing pieces was magnesium support. That's why I added magnesium breakthrough by my optimizers to my nightly routine. It's a powerful all -in -one magnesium complex with seven forms of magnesium designed to support relaxation, sleep, stress response, and recovery. If you're ready to feel more rested and have a great summer, go to by Optimizers .com and use code HHS for 15 % off any order. You've never been one to settle. Stand down or stand still. You're a lifelong learner, energized by excellence. There's a fire inside you. You can't ignore. You've got competition to outrun, momentum to build on, and your own high standards to meet. Stop now. Not a chance. At Capella University, we help you catch what you're chasing because you've always had the drive. Now, go earn the degree. Capella University. What can't you do? Visit Capella .edu to learn more.
