This is the lock -on podcast network celebrating 10 years of your team every day It's high time. We expose ESPN follows FBI FBI we should call the FBI on their FBI BS that keeps the big 12 out of the college football playoff This is like collusion and this is locked on big 12 Walked on big 12 your daily podcast on the big 12 conference part of the lock -on podcast network your team every day Abby rigged everybody. I'm Drake Toll from America's number one big 12 podcast locked on big 12 Thank you for making this your first listen every single day if you hit subscribe. I get to keep my job Let's talk. I mean, I'm not even I don't even press this preference this too much the FBI ESPN They're ruining college football. You're like, oh, well, let them play between the lines. We'll prove we deserve being play up No, it's not that no, no FPI is this metric that is built to eat itself alive until the SEC is the only thing that makes up the Play -off we have to stop it and if we don't start talking about it now We get to the same situation where BYU or Utah or Texas where somebody misses the college football playoff that deserves to be there Ben Kretl, let's welcome in the 6 foot 5 205 pounder out of locked on big 12 We got the one the only Drake Toll on the line Drake. Hey, a little Ben It is raining today in Savannah, Georgia, but it did not stop me from going to the beach. I am fantastic You got to get your you got to get your vitamin D, right? You got to get your vitamin D And you can get some of those penetrative rays Piercing through the clouds despite the moisture. Amen to that. Yep. I'm feeling it today I saw the video this week of bear Bach Meyer playing guitar and singing and like this Shakespearean setting in the summer mountains like I'm feeling good, but I'm excited to be with you Let's go. One of the things I wanted to get into is this toughest college football schedules in 2026 per ESPN FBI You you quote Twitter this and you said this if you put all 16 SEC teams in the top 20 of the preseason strength of schedule Of course, they're going to be the toughest league. You rigged it that way. What a joke when strength of schedule Number five play strength of schedule number 14. No one moves. It's a cheat code It's inception for college football. You never lose what's going on with ESPN FBI and the the media rights that may be collude in this college football cabal Yeah, you know It all boils down to the ownership that ESPN effectively has in the SEC and their response will be oh, it's not ownership We don't have but if you think about it this way You've been a billion dollar contract with the SEC and ESPN trying to prop them up as the major piece of their their media deal ma 'am What is nuts to me is people cannot wrap their head around the fact that if you owned a hundred thousand dollars in home depot Stock or a hundred thousand dollars in apple stock. You wouldn't go shop at Lowe's You wouldn't have a Nokia you would give your patronage to those who you're invested in an ESPN wants to prop up and build up the only Conference they have this kind of monetary investment and it's the SEC and your reference the tweet I want to I want to double down on that if the number nine team in America and FBI plays number 14 team in FBI Whoever wins or loses that game doesn't move very much. You might drop two or three spots to 17 You might increase a couple spots to number 11 or number six But you're not gonna see a ton of movement that said in the big 12 if we ensure that oh top team in the big 12 is number 15 in our an FBI or number 10 or maybe the second best team is number 20 and they play a game against the 14th best team in the conference whose number 71 oh We can dramatically sway those numbers because now in number 20 wins against a power four opponent It's almost not treated that way by this metric and therefore a BYU a Texas Tech a Utah does not move up The entire system is built for teams in the SEC to never leave the top 20 the top 25 Then at the end of the year guess what else ESPN owns the college football playoff and when that committee meets in the room They're utilizing ESPN's strength of schedule ESPN's FBI When it is set in the month of July it stays this way through the month of December what it matters most there are Hardworking people in Logan, Utah who are BYU fans like man Just let it let the ball play where it plays let it the chips fall where they may and let's just get into fall What they don't understand is while yes, I get the bootstraps mentality ESPN has a monopoly over this thing in many ways and if we don't push back on it It's only going to get worse So I understand you know play it between the white lines and and try to you know prove your your worth to get to the playoff But teams are fighting an uphill battle and they don't deserve to be BYU to Texas Tech to Houston and Utah deserve a way more fair Shake than this It's a it's a difficult pill to swallow right for many teams on the outside looking in They want to believe that this college football game is pure that it is Uncorruptible that they are not bad players Amongst us, but when you start to look at it through a maybe a pessimistic lens and a prism if you will you begin to see that there could be some conflicting interests here and We need to start asking these very difficult questions and maybe holding Certain people's feet to the fire. I think the first step in that is holding the media accountable and really by media I mean the the national media who covered the sport at ESPN and Fox and NBC and CBS and the way that they covered the sport You're even seeing the Josh Pates of the world and Pates been a guest on my show and somebody who have connected with them multiple different occasions who I mean they they have to buy into the SEC they have to buy into this Successful car wreck because it's what drives the narrative across college football those three letters have dominated the landscape and continue to dominate the landscape And so you got to talk about it pays the bills for people SEC fans want to feel like the underdog when Obviously to the rest of the country they are not and because of that it spins this wheel that keeps national media churning and that Wheel is feed the SEC monster and the more you feed it the more it turns and the more successful your numbers are the better your numbers are and We've all fallen into that trap of trying to stay alive and play the hits but at some point the hit became something that was Unethical immoral in college football and is propping up the wrong teams. It's forgetting the BYU's the world I posed this question to ESPN's Pete Sousa this week, you know BYU's in a category of teams that can win 11 games and not make the college football playoff that is that that's not in the very small brand category and an example I gave if Texas wins 11 games if Ohio State wins 11 Games he every year without question no matter what no matter what they did the year prior They're in the playoff, but if a BYU or a Louisville or an Arizona State win 11 games. They're not getting an at -large bid. That's a serious problem Especially what you've already mentioned the SEC is losing bowl games They're losing regular season non -confidence games can power four teams at a pretty alarming rate a consistent rate Yet they get way more love than the rest of the country that the pendulum swinging that way is what's going to kill college football faster than anything else Drake what else has been on your mind be it locked on big 12 podcast or on your own show Every single day. I believe six to nine a .m. Westwood won sports. Yeah, great great question, man Thanks for the promotion there too. I have been talking to a lot of sources and analysts this week about And in the wake of not being able to make big 12 media. I got covid. I mean are you kidding me? It still exists 2026 couldn't make it out to big 12 media days Which was a shame what I love to have hug your neck and it's shaking your hand but the the prevalent story coming out of big 12 media days Hearing from you know sitting at home and watching all of it and then talking to sources boots on the ground is big 12 coaches Big 12 players are not nearly as mad at Joey Maguire and Texas Tech as everybody else as these fans are They're not nearly as mad as a lot of the media is those who are drumming up These storylines against texas tech and joey Kenny dillingham took kalani talked more about joey maguire and texas tech that he did BYU it felt like he just in that shows his humility and in trying to Rescue and save his friend joey maguire But it's because the coaches and players this league the ones who are on the field the ones who get the job done The ones who aren't the talking heads or the fans they appreciate what joey means to the big 12 They appreciate texas tech's investment They understand the source be situation was a raw deal for everybody involved and they're not mad They just want to play football One thing that keep emphasizing on my show and that this is kind of new because there was the initial shock of oh man texas tech handled is so poorly enjoyed maguire No, everybody's attacking cody campbell and his camp of people in lupic texas I've started to come down off that bend and really Begun to reappreciate what maguire means to the big 12 with texas tech What a football program that invests at this level means to the big 12 conference because we need more of that as a league To stay alive long -term Today's show is brought to you by fando. Look this weekend The finals are here one of the biggest stages in the world fandals changing the game because sometimes your player gets subbed off And your bet goes with them, but not anymore Fandals super sub if your players subbed out your bet stays in that's right if your player leaves the match your bet continues One the substitutes you're still in it to the final whistle it in matches like these anything can happen Now your bet can go the distance let there be goals this summer on Fandal nothing worse Have a great pick going and watching your player get pulled 60th minute of the game and then with super sub That bet doesn't die. It goes the distance with the substitute let fandal calm Ford slash locked on Be your place this summer and let there be goals That's fandal calm slash l o c k e d o and download the fandal app today to get started now Fandal calm foreign slash locked on fandal is the place to go with our friends at fandal Love that breakdown. So it's your opinion that um You know when you look at what? The big 12 was uh, you know how they engaged with texas tech in the aftermath They had a nice little steakhouse meeting they converged on uh, probably uh, uh, a traditional steakhouse a barbecue join and they were able to To make amends you don't think there's any enmity going forward between the big 12 bright your mark and texas tech I don't think there is any between Brett your mark and joy Maguire specifically. I do want to start there and You've got a it's hard to understand sometimes the way the tech operates a little bit differently than uh, most athletic departments in the big 12 given their donor base and how involved that donor base is so you saw BYU in the effort to keep clonics talk a lot of the donors became more and more popular and fans got to see them become front facing There is still no donor more front facing than kody campbell and your mark has had to say on occasion I am the commissioner kody campbell is not and campbell has had to say on occasion I I can run the big 12 if I want you know I can bring tortillas back. Don't push me. Don't push us I think if you close the door with joy Maguire kirby hoe cut and Brett your mark the conference commissioner in that same room Those guys are all getting along just fine Now if you shut that door with just kody campbell and your mark in in conversation It's going to get different. It's going to get chippy. I've I've known your mark to be Uh a guy who can has his intense moments I'll put it that way you saw it on display at big 12 media days when he bit that reporter told him to stand up Ask the question again. Um, I know what Brett was going for in that moment. I don't think it was conveyed correctly I don't think Brett did it handled the moment correctly. I think he's going for this kind of Power might be the right word, but more of an intense. Hey, I'm the commissioner. You know, I'm gonna answer this question clearly It's it's a hard convoluted question I'm gonna prove that I have control this conference and instead he just kind of looked like an ass for lack of a better word there Um, so I think your mark's the kind of guy you've seen his high intensity when the room closes with with kody campbell in there Things can get Contentious they can get testy. However with texas tech as joey mcguire the football program is concerned That's where I think Brett your mark and and that camp are all on the same page and there really is no ill will Drake Uh couple last things before we let you go. We know you got a lot of things to do today and we want to let you get to those Uh, who's your favorite right now to win the big 12? Give me like maybe a tier system as well. Give me like maybe your top four teams in the big 12 this season. It looks like coaches and players Collectively when they were anonymously pulled. I think Brett McMorphie put it out on on three be why you're the favorite Uh, but players actually didn't pick be why you they were picking other teams. Where do you stand? Yeah, you know, Ben. This will disappoint be why you fans. Um, but but last year this time last year came on your show I said I have texas tech and be why you in the top two in the big 12 and those are the two teams that will meet in arlington uh, and that was despite jake rhett's left being out the door and I spent some agloflin lucked on college football thought it was such clickbait bs that I had be why you in the top two But I really saw the roster construction clontus taki had put together last year the continuity In in so many different position groups as a positive for the the cougars and they they showcased that this year I've got that as my top two again. I think texas tech is still one for me And it's almost this you know, you I see it in a traditional way of you're you're the best until proven otherwise texas tech the way They beat be why you i'm gonna keep them at one right now and be why you at a very close two and you know what May surprise some folks. I've got houston is a pretty close three and this time last year same thing I joined your show and if there was a sneaky team in the big 12 conference I thought it was the Houston cougars. I thought they'd win eight or nine games and impressed a lot of people nine was kind of pie in the sky They ended up winning 10 contests last year houston jumped on to the scene with willy fritts at the helm of that program So I think texas tech vy you and houston are in a tier of their own past that You can tell me kansas state would finish 12th you can tell me kansas state will finish fourth I believe both of those you can tell me that oklahoma state would finish third in this conference. I'd believe that i'm buying in on eric morris And drew mess to maker and what is what is happening in still water right now from as kind of north texas north as they've rebranded Arizona i4c will regress utah will regress as well. They replace weight people are not talking enough I don't understand these preseason top 25s that have utah in them Given that they're replacing almost everything out of both trenches the offensive and defensive lines And have a brand new head coach and a new offensive coordinator They're going to regress a bit in 2026 texas tech vy you houston those feel like the givens to me that after that i think the the way is paved for oklahoma state for west virginia To jump in the conversations for kansas to come by i don't think col ballard is Nearest bad at quarterback as many people have portrayed i think even Arizona state Has a get back opportunity this year under kennig tillingham those are the interesting teams i'm looking at and I know that that's kind of hodgepodge squads There, but but if you're to answer your question clearly texas tech vy you houston are a tier of their own a league of their own I think that second tier after that should probably still feature surprises in oklahoma state surprises in west virginia Maybe a surprise for people in arizona state those are teams that are going to blow people away I I truly do believe that in 2026 You hope they can shock the word a world a couple of things here That I want to get your opinion on There's only I want to say maybe 13 opportunities for the big 12 to showcase their talents versus other p4 institutions um And and notar dame included right so Uh, there's some opportunity there very excited about those opportunities if you want two two teams in the college football Play after you got to win these games you got to be above 500 In these games and so when you look at these marquee matchups Uh, what do you see what type of record do you do you foresee? Uh, you know that the big 12 can come out and and do you think they're above 500? I I think you said 13 games on the samad like that. There's there's one there's not there's one game It is be why you and notar dame. Let me give you let me give you the breakdown here I'm going to send you the image that I produced. Okay, and then we can go through them real quick So p4 versus p4 non -conference games. I just sent it to you Arizona state at texas a and m Baylor versus auburn neutral that's uh in that one of that kick off the kickoff kickoff games BYU versus notar dame in provo Cincinnati versus boston college. That's insincey Colorado has to shout out to prime. Maybe he's going to shock the world Colorado at georgia tech Colorado at north western Iowa state at iowa Kansas versus mazoo Oklahoma versus Oak or organ that's at home. That's an interesting one Tcu versus north carolina in dublin UCF at pit Utah versus orkin saw at home. That's a big one Uh big 12 versus sec and then west virginia versus virginia that one's also Uh, that's actually at a neutral site. That's going to be a neutral so 13 total games and uh And I just want to see how you see it Uh, then I I'm I kind of quipped right there. I'm gonna get the same quip there. There are 13 on paper There's only one One of these games matters so far above the rest and it's really not close And I I know Arizona state could upset a and m and there there are pie in the sky scenarios where Oklahoma state upsets or again But no it is byu and notar dame and that's a game that I found out I guess three weeks ago four weeks ago. I'll be on site for um An incredibly grateful for the the team at byu for getting me back out there to cover that game so closely And the invite is much appreciated. That is the marquee game for the big 12th conference If you want to legitimize this league You're going to need to beat a brand like note or dame a team like note or dame and do it on What will likely be a night game spotlight with america watching as the byu cougars can not just prove the big 12 is here But prove that byu is here. So what makes this game different is if Oklahoma state beats Oregon or Arizona state beats a and m They'll get cache they'll get credit But those aren't two teams who have dominated the big 12 last couple of seasons byu is a hair away I mean they're so close to jumping onto the scene and being a name that everybody in the country talks about preseason and in season As a genuine contender and it takes beating a note or dame with america watching for us all to go. Okay, fine We accepted byu is a college football playoff contender And as one of the few big 12 teams that will start of the preseason top 25 byu winning that game Is the path to this conference getting national respect? There is one big 12 non conference game That matters above all the rest unequivocally it is byu and note or dame and pressure is on this conference needs byu to win Drake. I do have one last thing for you byu. Okay. Yeah, and this kind of piggybacks off of what you were discussing with maybe Um b while you're not being the favorite. I totally get that byu over the last three seasons of favor to win the big 12 over the last three seasons has gone 10 and four in one Score games. So eight or fewer points 2023 Um, they beat or can saw they beat sincinati They lost oklahoman oklah mistake in 2024. They beat smu baylor oklah mistake and utah They lost to kansas in arizona state in 2025. They beat calorado arizona utah and georgia tech Number one. Do you think it's sustainable to continue to win these one score games? How would you evaluate? How how would you assess this data set? Uh and how byu has been able to overcome one score games Well, it is certainly sustainable if you have god on your side and that's maybe the only way to describe how byu is done That's like I don't It makes because people told me this and you're stupid for having byu in the top two in the big 12 going to 2025 Because obviously these one score games are going to regress the pendulum is going to swing back byu is not good enough to keep that together They between calistake his level -headedness and byu's Experience their veteran team coming back this year. Look, they're gonna they're gonna face these games because There are times where a young team a calorado a UCF somebody jump you happen last year against UCF Somebody jumps out to a pretty substantial lead against byu and you say hey guys No one freak at Georgia tech don't freak out Just go play our brand of football and go find a way to win when you're down by 14 17 points early in a game Chances are you're only going to win that game and come back fashion if you win it by single digits or a or a one score One possession finale and that was the case for byu last year the case the year prior It's the case again. They bring so much experience back. They may get into a hole But they'll be able to work their way back. It's less of and they're not now look There are a couple examples of byu getting ahead by 30 points 25 points and then finding that score dwindling late But majority of these are comeback wins byu's not going to lose that comeback factor We look at teams that have 10 point leads and falter late byu's not really that This isn't a metric about byu failing to keep big leads It's a metric of byu's ability to rally in football games and stay so poised That's not going anywhere I've got the upmost confidence that the stat the figure that the one that people use to knock byu Is not one that's going to hurt the cougars this coming fall Drake best way to support you what you do how you do it on your show Obviously on westwood one and then of course on locked on big uh big 12 Yep as always locked on big 12 every day of the week westwood one sports In the westwood one sports app the drake toll show You find me at drake c toll on social media as well and you can find me in provo utah mid october noter dame and byu It's gonna be a lot of fun. Thank you drake toll ladies and gentlemen. Appreciate you always a pleasure talking ball with you Fun stuff, man. We'll talk again soon Nice good stuff It's smart to always have a few financial goals and a really smart one you can set earning cash back on what you buy Every day and with discover you can get this discover automatically matches all the cash back You've earned at the end of your first year Seriously all of it and we trust you to make smart decisions after all you listen to this show see terms at discover dot com slash credit card That's discover dot com slash credit card
