This episode is brought to you by TikTok. Did you know you can use TikTok to connect even more with the sports you love? It's not just highlights, it's everything around the game, including the sports community. Find breakdowns of classic basketball plays, deep dives on baseball stats, even videos on how athletes train and recover. There are people teaching strategy, sports, history, even ways to improve your jump shot. It's kind of like the biggest locker room ever, and everyone sharing what they know on TikTok. The Bill Simmons podcast is presented by PayPal. We're also brought to you by the Ringer podcast network. I put up a new rewatchables on Monday night. We did Ali, Will Smith, Michael Mann, our ninth Michael Mann movie that was me and Chris Ryan and Ben Lathan. Next movie we have, it's the 30th anniversary of an Ed Burns movie called She's the One that is a very important Gen X movie. And we've been talking about doing this forever. So it is me and Sean Fantasy because it's a Long Island movie. And a special guest who's not on the podcast too often. So we are doing that. That is on Netflix if you want to watch that one. And then the next movie we're doing after that is Hitch with Will Smith, which is also on Netflix. So there you go. You can find this podcast on Netflix. If you do Netflix has my list, if you just click the my list, every time I have a new podcast that will pop onto your Netflix algorithm in a much more exciting way. So I wanted to pass that along. I also have a podcast coming. We're going to go live on Sunday on Netflix. Not sure of the time yet. But stay tuned for that. And I think I'm only doing the Sunday podcast, probably taking a couple days off next week unless something crazy happens. Like Kawhi Leonard's trade being postponed, which we're going to talk about in one second with Joe House. House and I, we talked about Kawhi at the top. We talked about Jalen versus analytics. Could Joe LMB'd be traded and we didn't even want him. And then we did a whole mail bag in the off that is coming up next right after we take a break and hear Pearl Jam. This episode of the Bill Simmons podcast is presented by PayPal. You know, clutch move and you see one, a no look pass, a buzzer beater, a big steal. Well, imagine if your wallet could pull off moves like that. That my friends is PayPal. Right now you can find offers from hundreds of brands like Sony, Allbirds and Viator and save offers before you check out, earn unlimited rewards. Plus you can add those rewards on top of credit card points. Now that is clutch download the PayPal app today. Save those offers, start scoring rewards, terms and exclusions apply. See paypal .com slash rewards terms credit card points subject to issuers, terms and conditions. All right, House, this part of the podcast is 1215. We just finished our podcast. And then as we finished, how told us that there was breaking news in the NBA, it was the Toronto Raptors saying that their trade for the quiet, for Kawhi Leonard is on hold. According to the statement, they said the NBA League office informed us that as a result of the ongoing investigation above the Clippers, we would assume the risk of any potential outcome of the investigation impacting Kawhi. In light of this, we will wait until the league's investigation is complete. The Raptors were made eager to bring Kawhi back to Toronto and look forward to a swift resolution for our players, our organization, our fans. So we actually talked about this in the podcast people. I'll just leave it in so we can hear because conspiracy bill came out. What does this mean? I have no idea. I mean, the league office is doing informing. The league office is responsible. How about to happen a week ago? How much more time do they need? What are we getting to the bottom of at this point? But this seems to indicate that Kawhi could be suspended. It suggests that there could be Kawhi consequences. This is asinine. What is the fucking league doing? The league is responsible for the outcome and whatever pronouncement it wants to make. The teams are permitted to do business. If this was not a condition that was going to be the league say, right? You're not allowed to do to treat or do anything until we finish our investigation. Right. Right. Why didn't the league do that? You tell me what is the point of this communication now? This is how about this? Finish the fucking investigation. I know, but it's independent. July the 9th. Who cares? There aren't any more witnesses to be interviewed. There aren't any more fucking documents to be reviewed. It's been an eight month investigate, 10 months after months, after months, you know, how many lawyers and how many how much fees is being generated? It's a money grab by this. Baby dog thinks it's a money grab. Who thinks it's a money grab? Well, this is the first time. I don't all of us that the Clippers were going to get penalized. This is the first time it feels like Kawai might also be punished in this. Well, there's no other way to interpret this. That also really seems out there because the collective bargaining agreement gives the league the right to punish a player for agreeing to an arrangement with a sponsor where the sponsor says, but this means there's more stuff that maybe hasn't come out yet. There's something that's there's something. This insinuates that Kawai could be suspended for a year six months or whatever. And the team didn't know that when they traded for him because they couldn't assume the risk of any potential outcome. It's like the Raptors would assume the Clippers risk. No, you're right. Clippers are fine. But now that Kawai Toronto will have to be penalized. This has to be Kawai related. But what you're absolutely right. What is the scenario under which Kawai is individually culpable for something that is outside the bounds of the league's rules on this? What did Kawai and is this the they want to do something to Uncle Dennis? I don't understand it. What could he do? Like if the sponsor was Coca -Cola and Coca -Cola has an agreement with the Clippers and has an agreement with the league and does sponsorships and says, we also want you Kawai Leonard to be a spokesperson for Coca -Cola. And we're not going to make you come do anything, you know, it doesn't work out. The circumstances don't work out. We can't, you know, it turns out you couldn't make any of his appearances. Can they the player can be punished for that? I think they should go further. I think they should postpone the Jalen Brown trade. I think all transactions should be postponed until we get to the bottom of this. Jalen Brown is back at the Celtics. That would be incredible. I'm rooting for that more than anything else. I'm really shocked by this. I'm dumbfounded. Capitol D dumb. This makes me think that there's a full Clippers statement as well. I hope it says the league can go fuck itself. The Clippers acknowledged this from Mark Stein, our buddy. The Clippers acknowledged that the Kawai investigation is ongoing, but we expect the trade to be finalized following its conclusion. So was Adam Silver like on vacation last week? Where was he? Why didn't he tell them? You can't trade Kawai until we finished the investigation. Sorry. No shit. Does he not have the day that free agency and you know, the transaction market opened up on his calendar as usual? What the fuck? Why are we talking about this on July week getting offers for our 12 NBA Europe teams and didn't realize Kawai was traded? Toronto. My bad. The league is at our boss. We have to assume the risk. This is you assume the risk. It's your risk. It's the league's risk. Eat a dick. Not assuming shit. So we can have Toronto and the Clippers make a deal. Why? So we could have Garland, Wagner, Kawai, Rui, my guy, Yannick, keep Kawai, cancel the trade. Keep them. We had they got two first and two swaps. It's a good deal. Wow, house. All right. We'll find out what happened with this. But in the meantime, let's go backwards an hour and 40 minutes to the rest of our podcast. For adults with Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis symptoms, every choice matters. Trampia offers self injection or intravenous infusion from the start. Trampia is administered as injections under the skin or infusions through a vein every four weeks, followed by injections under the skin every four or eight weeks. If your doctor decides that you can self -inject Trampia, proper training is required. Trampia is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active Crohn's disease and adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. Serious allergic reactions, increased risk of infections or lower ability to fight them and liver problems may occur. Before treatment, get checked for infections and tuberculosis. Tell your doctor if you have an infection, flu -like symptoms or need a vaccine. Explore what's possible. Ask your doctor about Trampia today. Call 1 -800 -526 -7736 to learn more or visit TrampiaRadio .com. This episode is brought to you by PNC Bank. In today's sports, everyone is constantly trying to outdo each other, trick formations and field shifts, constant rotation changes, yet it's proven time and time again. That strong fundamentals are the thing that will lead you to victory. Banking, no different. While everyone else tries to outdo each other, PNC Bank just keeps going. Right down the middle is steady calculated money moves and the financial wins just keep coming. PNC Bank, brilliantly boring since 1865, brilliantly boring since 1865 is a registered mark of the PNC Financial Services Group Incorporated, PNC Bank National Association member, FDIC. All right, we're recording this on Thursday morning, about 10 hours before the big DeBonsa Peterson Summer League game. I love how every year we forget that Summer League doesn't matter. It's one of my favorite things when everybody gets carried away with all of this stuff. It matters because it's our first look and it's our, you know, there is genuine appropriate excitement, I will say, that at least here in Washington, I encourage everybody to keep expectations in the appropriate level. Like, let's just be calm, cool and collected about it. Remember, poor Alexander Sarr, when he came out and went, you know, 0 for 15 in his first Summer League game, not a bust. And whatever happens between Peterson and DeBonsa tonight, it doesn't set the referendum for the rest of their careers. And by the way, we knew Peterson was incredibly talented and the most talented guy in the class. That wasn't the reason he went second instead of first. There were red flags last year. And you know, I thought he was one of the hardest guys to peg ever. But man, you watched the Summer League games like, Oh, no, I've been taking a lot of bullets. I've been catching a lot of strays. He's already stopped starting house the Wizards, Peterson and Peterson's going to look great tonight against the Wizards. Peterson's going to look breaking news. He might just look great. Like he might just he might have just gone to the perfect team. Might be the right city regular organization, my coach. And he might be awesome. And everybody knew that that was very possible. All right. I have a whole agenda for us today. That's amazing. We're doing more Jalen Brown content, but not for the reasons people think we are also going to talk about Joe Ellen Bead and whether he might be on another team next year. And then I have a whole mail back for you. But I wanted to talk. The old guys have been watching all this advanced metric stuff coming out of the Jalen Brown trade. And you and I have kind of stratted the fence. I'm a little more advanced metrics friendly than you, but both of us are, you know, I test common sense guys as well. Just deep diving everything from this Jalen trade for the last 10 days, I just can't believe how bad he looks in the advanced metric stuff. And it's almost like I find myself going back over all the games I watched and all the Celtic seasons I took in and all the playoff games and just wondering myself, did I get this wrong? And then I landed on no, I don't think I got this wrong. I think there are some reasons for some of these stats. You haven't come on and talked about this yet since the trade since your colonoscopy since the colonoscopy. Yeah, by the way, thank you for that success. I'm wearing awareness for colonoscopies, by the way, we've talked about a bunch of go get one as many as you're allowed to get. I recommend them. But yeah, so I test going going big picture on as you're watching the dialogue about this, where everybody is now apparently decided Jalen Brown is actually not an efficient player. There's if he's your number one guy, you don't have a chance to win the title. All that like, where do you stand with all this? I mean, right out of the box, I reject the framing. I don't reject analytics. I think they are great. They are super helpful. It's information. It's a really interesting way of, you know, trying to measure guys against one another when their situations in context are so disparate. Like, how can you measure Jalen Brown's effectiveness against Jalen Bronson's effectiveness? Well, there's some ways to slice it and dice it. All of that is fine. I don't reject any of that. But context is super important. Remember, this Boston Celtics team was in a transition year. The anticipated number of wins. What was their win total? Was it 41, 41 and a half? Yeah, right. So that's where the markets were anticipating. It was hard to say what kind of season this team was going to have. And then through the combination of Joe Missoula and the front office, I give them credit and Jalen fucking Brown, they won 56 fucking games because he is that guy. He is that dog. He took the standard and made all of those guys. I'm going to say this without trying to disrespect the rest of the Celtics roster in the most recently completed season. But he took a bunch of bums to 56 wins. And you know how I know they're bums? Because he got rolled right the fuck out of the playoffs as soon as you got into a situation where you were up against a proper test in terms of a team with talent at all levels. And you know, the front court for the Boston Celtics this entire season was the development of Nimi is Kata. Wonderful. Great job. A plus plus two thumbs up. Shiamen Hugo. Right. That's the development development development. Great. That was the point of the season. And then Tatum came back earlier than expected. And immediately remember, again, it was just two and a half months ago. Boston was forecasted as a potential team to not only make the Eastern Conference Finals, but to make it to the NBA Finals out of the East right when the playoffs started. They had the second best odds because the expectation around what they were capable of with Jason Tatum and Jalen Brown, a track record of 10 years, a full decade of those two guys kicking ass when they're on the floor together. Yeah. A slow Eastern Conference Finals, two NBA Finals and the NBA championship that Jalen Brown was the MVP of. So I don't mind at all going inside the box and saying, well, how do we sort of measure the impact going forward? But here's the thing that I ask you. And I wonder about for, for Celtics nation, why did they give up on this season? How can you come into this upcoming season when you've done the thing that was most important, which is bring in Mitchell Robinson. Yeah, an absolute rebounding miracle of a man with single handedly contributed that rebounding role to the Knicks to vaulted them right to a championship. You bring that in your most dire need. You've addressed it with a guy who's absolutely. And then healthy Tatum just and healthy Tatum. And we know we have 10 years of evidence that those two guys plus Mitchell Robinson plus whatever else the front office could do. That's a team that looks to me like a possible Eastern Conference finalists, possible NBA finalists. And we punt. What's the, why did we punt? Why do, why did the front office give up on on this Celtics team? You know, there's a lot to unpack here. You gave me a lot there. And I do want to circle back in the events metrics. You're talking about overreacting to a bad result in the playoffs, which I think Minnesota did too. Minnesota did that lamellot trade. I talked about it when it happened. They were banged up last year, right? Edwards got hurt right before the playoffs wasn't 100%. Deep Fincenzo got hurt during the first round. I owe got hurt. And I don't, I just feel like they decided, well, we don't have a chance anymore based on what the playoff results were. So we have to take a big swing and agree with it. It's funny hearing people remember what they remember about the Philly series, which basically came down to three games, game two, game five and game seven. And in game two, Brown and Tatum actually played pretty well. It was the guards, I think, Prichard, White and Vusabitch were like two for 20 from three in that game. And we just couldn't hit a shot. The pace was off. Philly was, I think 19 for 39 from three. They stole the game. It's fine. They're up three one. They go in a game five. They're up double figures in game five. Do you remember what happened in the second half of game five? I don't. And bead fucking killed them. Oh, yeah, that. And bead killed them. And it came out of nowhere. And it was, you know, this was this crazy thing that got introduced during the series where all of a sudden you have 2023 MVP Joellen B just looking like Joellen beat again in the second half of that game. He shoots seven for 10 and four from four from three is 18 points. And Max, he's five for eight and they just played better and they steal the game, right? Game seven Tatum doesn't play, right? Tatum gets scratched and they do that crazy starting lineup to whatever. And I don't know, I didn't mind the way Jalen played in that game. I thought the reasons they lost the series because White and Prichard didn't shoot three was, well, the Vusabitch thing was a terrible experiment. I don't hang that series on Jalen at all. So anyway, they overreact to it. You asked why they did this. And I've talked to a bunch of people and I know I've talked about on the pot a bunch of times, but it feels like they felt like there was no going back after Jalen had a taste of being the guy in the team last year and that whatever they were going to do with this team this year, with his contract, he wasn't going to get the extension from them at the end of July. And did this have a chance to actually go sideways? And I think whether you agree with it or not, I think they evaluated this as like, this isn't going in the right direction. The Tatum Brown thing's been weird for two years. There's been a lot of dialogue about that about, can you play with somebody you don't get along with? I don't know if they got along or didn't get along. I know they didn't hang out, but I also know that they had an unbelievable nine year run together, that they played more playoff games together than anybody. They won a title in 2024. I just don't think this was like a kid mash burn Jimmy Jackson situation. But what I do think is that they were concerned that there was no going back with Jalen and that after being the guy. And now, hey, thanks for being the guy. But now Tatum is going to be the guy again. And we're not going to give you an extension that they thought it was going to go that's a confession. That means, you know, for all the accolades that we've heaped on the Boston front office for a long time, a move like this suggests that that they can't, you know, present and maintain peace inside the locker room that there there's there is an inability to manage your personnel. And it's not they're not a managing thing though. You're talking about two guys making 60 million a year. And the coach who's making 10 % of that combined, like as his voice is only going to go so far, this is a league over and over again when the superstars run the league. And if the two superstars though, but if the two superstars about so this is the voice things important, because obviously Chisholm bought the team. He's only in the team for like a year and a half. I do wonder if if wick was the owner of the team and hadn't sold, I do wonder if he would have handled it differently. And I'm not saying he would have been the hero of it, but would he have been like, wait a second. Let's all get together. We got to figure that really, this is that's my piece. And then the other murder you. Yeah, for the for the restaurant concept. But that is exactly what was called for. I mean, what people murdered me. Who are these people? I enjoyed it so much, but, you know, I was trying to be funny, but it was also true. Like get these guys in a fucking room. That's right. Everybody get in the room and have out whatever you have to have out. This is a team that that's set a standard with those two guys as your focal points of getting to the Eastern Conference finals and possibly the NBA finals every year that the two of them arrived to the playoffs healthy. And this year was, you know, it was forecasted to be a potential repeat really out of nowhere. There was no reason whatsoever. And it really was. And it really was a dopey filler series. There's never been a situation like that where somebody just comes back midway through the series, plays well for three games, basically, and then immediately goes back to not being an effective player again. And then they get swept by the next. Well, it was also the kryptonite of the Boston roster, because the Boston roster was an indevelopment roster. It wasn't anticipated that it was going to be a team that was going to win between 55 and 60 games and win its division and make a long run into the playoffs. They never achieved by 15. Nobody in the front court. That's why Embiid had the success he had. They couldn't defend him. Well, we couldn't make threes either. The so the old guy conversation, there's two things going on. The advanced metrics are bad for Jalen. And this is something I've been trying to wrap my head around for a week. I mailed you, I mailed you. There's 85 guys ever. I went on stat head. Thanks to stat head. By the way, I've always enjoyed it. Great job. Great job. There's 85 guys ever who averaged at least 28 points a game with a 30 usage rate. And you could put all these different stats like win shares, verb, verb is like, it's not nothing. I don't like the thing is, I kind of like these stats. I don't think they should be the determiner of a player's value. But it's interesting. Jalen's win shares were the worst out of all 85 guys. And we're talking about like world be free in 1980. I ever said in 05, Mark acquired 1984 like, and he's the worst. And then you go, you go to Vorp, which is also not nothing. I don't mind looking at Vorp. Jalen was third to last. And the only two seasons worse than him and Vorp were 2010 Carmelo and 2007 Carmelo. And you look at some of the names in this list house. And it is interesting. It's all these high usage forwards that never were able to really be, you could never build a finals team around him, right? Dominique, Adrian Dantley, Mark Aguirre, Carmelo, Alex English, world be free. You couldn't even build a first round playoff team around him. Donovan Mitchell now, but they, these guys that you could throw a big burden on them and you could have regular season success. But as the levels got higher, that recipe didn't work anymore. And I think that's basically where we landed with Jalen last year. We talked about this like let's go back to just us playing pick up basketball a million years ago. At some point, you have five guys. One of those five guys needs to regularly create a good shot for everybody else, right? Just start there. Jalen was the only guy who could do that on this team. Prichard once a week. Oh, he wasn't an offensive engine though, Bill Simmons. I know that's a you say create a good shot. I don't know the stats don't support that. Yeah, I was effective field goals down. Well, maybe partly because every time they played anybody, the entire defense was like, we got to stop Jalen. He's going to take 16 twos. He's going to get to the line. Let's throw two guys at him. Let's trap him. Let's attack him when he goes to the rim. Like he had a big bird and he played 71 games. And this is what we've talked about over and over again, durability, consistency. And can you be the hub of something bigger, which he did last year. And I'm the, I can't accept the advanced metrics telling me otherwise, because I watched the season. Yeah. Well, not only that, again, I mean, this as respectfully as possible, he dragged a bunch of fucking bombs to 56 wins. Like he was a really important part in terms of setting a standard. Those guys, the development of Gonzalez and Shireman and and Peyton stepping up and Kada and like, this is a team like roster wise that was going to win 41 games. That's what made sense. That was the sensible outcome. And Jalen fucking Brown was like, no, I don't accept that. I'm going to go out and again, let's also give credit to Missoula, because the game plan also called for a kind of, you know, radical, although not that radical under Celtic circumstances, way of approaching every game. But they, they, they seeded nothing. They conceded nothing. They went out and played their ass off every night. They gave it all every night. And he took on the biggest challenge every night. Yeah. There's a reason that they all were able to collectively elevate. One guy took the lead. He took the lead. He was the leader. So I don't care about the efficiency numbers. I don't give a shit. That doesn't help me understand anything about contextually, about urban last season. Yeah. There's burden and gravity. And there's some things, but he played his ass off on defense, by the way. That's why the MVP conversation had him featured, you know, Wilbon said with, you know, a month left of the regular season that Jalen Brown was his leading contender. Now, whatever you want to say about, yeah, they, they were first in offensive rating for the entire year and they ended up second. Who else, who else were their elite offensive players in this offense? Tatum played 16 games, right? Prichard, who I love and I actually think Prichard could go up a level next year, if there's more shots thrown his way. But I didn't know whether Prichard was showing up night tonight. He would have games where he just stunk, you know, wait was bad. Wait was bad shooting wise all year. Even though there's great advanced metrics for him. And then everybody else, you know what they were getting. I mean, that that tells you there you go. There's metrics for Derek White offensively. Well, very good. They're always good with him though. He sucked. He sucked. He sucked shooting. He lost his confidence. Yeah, he sucked shooting. I'm talking about his offense. Yeah, but that's the thing as a shot as a remember how on the money we made betting on his the over for his blocks every night. Oh, that will be awesome. Yeah, maybe finally went wise up to that. But part of the reason his shooting was down because he had such a big load. I think he wore down as a season went along. And that's another thing like when you talk about advanced metrics with somebody like Jalen and it could be Jalen. It could be a bunch of people. But the night tonight showing up playing 36 minutes a game, I watched him during the course of the year guard. Kate Cunningham in the last five minutes of games, Luca, right? Kawide, right? Pick a guy SGA. They threw him on like he and he would accept the challenge. And I don't know, I just feel like in basketball, you have to have one guy that's like, well, at least we have this guy. They have that guy. But we swive this guy. We're probably getting 29 to 32 from our guy tonight. And when you don't have that, you're not going to win 56 games. So with that said, his plus minus if you go through his career, it's like shocking. I think he might be one of the great advanced metrics outliers in the history of the league, if not number one. Every single year, the Celtics were basically better with him when he wasn't on the court. And I don't have an explanation for that. And I'm not going to be like, oh, the stats are wrong because obviously they're not. And I was talking to my dad about it because my dad, you know, pre last season, Jalen went up a level last season. Like he really like got better as a creator. And you know, his, he, I thought he had less turnovers, even though it doesn't reflect that he had the ball way more. But my dad pre last season, they would have these two five minute sections when they would take six minute sections, they would take Tatum out. And Jalen would get to run the offense. And my dad would either go to pee or go get a pop mark because he's like, I can't stand this. I hate when it would be like going to a concert and you know, you're going to see the Rolling Stones. And it's like, oh, now we're going to play the Keith Richards song and like, fuck, can you play start me up? He was like, everybody goes to the bathroom. So that was there. And I, it always felt clumsy when Jalen was in charge of it. But not that clumsy. I'm just telling you. Yeah, I think it's fine to look at, you know, over the, the course of the, the career and, you know, point out these, these vulnerabilities, these frailties to his game. But it was a flaw durable player. Yeah, but we, we know from the outcomes, what kind of impact he has on, on winning, like, right, the, the, including the title, the 2024 title and being the MVP of that team, the MVP, the finals MVP. Yeah. Well, whatever, whatever. I thought Jason should have won that enough. People saw enough to believe that he earned it. Yeah. Well, I wonder, like, do they look at that season where they superpowered the role players around them, which is impossible now, but they just added Porzingis in holiday. They had Derek White, or they, they pictured as a bench guy, Al Horford was still there. And then you have this double forward combo in their mid 20s still, Tatum and Brown, and both of them were just a lot going downhill shooting threes. And maybe that they felt like that was the peak. They talked a lot about the in the press conference about the usage, the usage of the two guys together and the salary cap. And I get it. The argument falls apart when you also tried to trade for Giannis and Giannis and Tatum, we're going to be 70 % of your salary cap. I will never for the rest of my life understand why they didn't wait to see it. This deal was available until September, October, because I think Philly saying yes on September 1st, on September 17th, on September 30th, I also feel like whatever happens with Jalen and Philly, can't, you can't retroactively go and fit that to your opinion of this trade, because I don't know if this is a great situation for him going in an affiliate team that's Max East team. And then when he comes back, everything revolved. I just don't think his stats are going to be the same. He's going to be a who cares. He's a winner. They're going to win. They're going to be good. I love every every every Sixers future. I'm in like the idea of them is eight to one to win the East. Okay, I'll have a little taste of that. They're they're four to one to win the Atlantic division between behind the Knicks and the Celtics. Well, I think they're going to be motivated this upcoming season. Obviously, the wild card is do you get 40 games out of and beat, but those three guys, we're going are really going to help each other. I think it's going to be a really good fit like putting good players on the foot edge, comb and maxi and and and and Jalen together. That's a that's good. That's going to be there. It's going to work. I'm not worried about that at all. These were other things I was saying heading into the 2018 -19 Celtics season. When I picked them to win 70 games, Kyrie, Brown, Tatum, Hayward, we're going to be unbelievable. Wow. There's that flaw. But you could feel it right away. And this is, you know, this is what you and I have loved about basketball forever. It doesn't always make sense. Like sometimes you can have a team like that last year's Celtics team where it's like, we have one guy who can consistently create a shot. We have a bunch of other guys. You called them bums, which I let it slide. I think they were young guys, role players, whatever. They were all guys that couldn't be top three guys on a team, except for white. But they figured out, they figured out how to make it work. And we've seen this over and over again in basketball. There's been teams where the pieces fall into place. With Philly, you have a lot of star power and a lot of money. You have Embiid who we're going to talk about after the break. It's just, you know, I would just be careful with that one. Is it an actually going to play well together? Because Paul George, whatever you say about him at this stage of his career, definitely knew he was a complimentary player and could kind of pop it out. But he certainly popped in and I don't know if he only wants to pop in and out at this point. Well, if you were, if you're measuring it by, well, how many games did Paul George play? He certainly popped into this one and then popped out of the entire space. He might have popped some things into his body too. Yeah. So when we talk about like the usage rate and some of these advanced stats, it prompted me to go in this huge deep dive. And you know, I did my book from basically 0709. We didn't have a lot of these stats that didn't have access to them. And there's stuff that like I would like I was looking at Steve Nash, who I had, I forget where I had him, but like in the pyramid, I think I'm going to move him. But I think I had him like in the, somewhere in the 30s in the pyramid. And now he was in that cluster of point cards. Steve Nash ran the number one offense in basketball. You can go back now to through basically to the mid 90s and look at all the on off stats, all the offensive ratings, everything. He was the number one offense every year from 2003 to 2010. Two last two years in Dallas, his first six Phoenix seasons, no matter who was on the team. They didn't have a Mars style admire for all those six didn't matter. They were still number one an offense. They were number one and 08 was Shaq. When they made that weird Shaq trade, they were number one and 09 in 10. And another Mark Cuban masterpiece. Well, but then you go and you look at the on off stats for Nash and his when he was off the court those last two years, they were better without him, allegedly, according to the stats. That must have been one of the reasons they let him go. Anyway, my point is like, I do think some of these stats are great. I think Jalen might just be an outlier to some of this stuff. High usage guys on a team that's not that good. That probably should have been like a 42 to 45 win team. And for whatever reason, this type of player was able to pull 10 wins out of the regular season. But in the playoffs, it becomes harder. Yeah. Well, especially with the roster construction that the Celtics had this most recent season, I just think it's a dumb way to try and capture who he is and the impact on the franchise. The only aspect of it to me that has a kind of like, okay, I can see this vibe to it is the extension. If he was really going to get Ben out of shape about the extension, if there was something that happened in those conversations. Yeah. But here's the problem. The Celtics front office did not prepare its fan base in any way shape or form for anything like this. It was either Giannis coming to the Celtics to join Tatum, or we're going to run it for business. We're going to run it back with JB. And then we'll see what happens over the course of the season. And by the way, running it back with JB, or at the beginning of the season, at least it's going to be a bunch of wins for the Celtics. Because Jalen Brown and Jason Tatum together with the cast of characters and inserting Mitchell Robinson into it, they were going to win a bunch of basketball games. And I think that should have helped overall, like some teams circumstance to change as you get to the beginning of the season, some teams start underperforming right away. And the best you can do is wait till December. Who's unhappy? Right. Yeah. Paul George in July is not the answer. Like we have proof. We know for sure that a GM took a big gamble on Paul George and that GM is not in the league right now. It was. I'll tell you this. It wasn't the answer right right after my colonoscopy. Yes, it was. You know, who's the best example of the kind of Jalen season we're talking about where the advanced metrics actually kind of liked it was Iverson. Interesting. His 01 season where, you know, his usage, everything is like just high as possible caliber. And he was on the court was plus 5 .7 and his on off was plus 4 .1. So it was around the same. Now, there's also reasons for that. They built that entire team around Allen Iverson. Every decision they made every player they put next to him was to help hide him on defense of physical team that can protect him and basically just shoot a shitload of shots and go nuts. You know, and then we get to the playoffs that year and he's basically even on the court and minus five when when he was minus five overall in the playoffs where he didn't have a lot of good games and they got a lot of foul help and gets more walking and all that stuff. But it is possible to build around a high usage more likely it works out like it did with Jerry Stack House on that 01 Pistons team. Remember when he averaged like 30 a game and they were 32 and 50? That's usually the way it goes. Yeah. What I thought the touchpoint the reference that that was closest to what I might have imagined for the Celtics team was Russell Westbrook the year that KD left. Right. And he averaged his triple double. That was the 16 17 year, right? Yeah. They won that. I'm going to say 48 games something like that. They won 46. Yeah. Maybe it was 48. But they got they won one game in the playoffs. They immediately got got, you know, uh, and it was similar. Remember Westbrook won the MVP because there was that one game in the weekend when he was just awesome in the last three minutes and it was like, all right, fine. You twist my arm. You have it. But the point is Jalen could at least be somebody that you could whether the advanced metric stats loved it or not. He could be the fulcrum of a team that could win in the mid 50s. If you put the right types of players around them, I don't know if there's a lot of guys like that in the league. You know, I don't think by the way, as great as Koai was last year, um, the durability thing is just not going to be there with him in the same way. You know, and I also wonder, I can't remember if I said this before, but if you're playing 71 games and you're going hard in all those games and you're really trying to guard and do all the stuff that Jalen was trying to do, you're not going to be a hundred percent for all of those games. Right. Whereas like the we've, we've seen some guys where they could play the 55 to 58 games and take a couple breaks during the season. Look at Paul George. Paul George took 25 games off came back. He was 21 a game the last 10 games of the season. Then he was really good in the playoffs partly because he took 25 games off in the middle of the season. So, um, I don't, I will never understand why they didn't wait. And, uh, and I think I'm more confused by the advanced metrics than I was before this trade because I don't, I don't really have an explanation for how they're worse when, when he plays and they were better when he was off the court. And I think it's an advanced analytics team that was like, this is, this is multiple years now where this has been the case. What multiple years though, like, uh, the years they were making it to the Eastern Conference finals, the years they were making it to the NBA finals. Like there's some alchemy there. There's something about the, the chemistry experiment that's producing more good results than, than not good. Like, you know, these, these far runs deep into the playoffs with, with him as the second most important player. And it's fine casting him that way. That, that tells me a lot about, um, his, his import to the situation. Yeah, they're basically treating him like a TV show where it's like, this is ER season eight. We don't really need to pay our number two leads, 60 million dollars anywhere. We can get some other actress and bring, bring her in and basically get the same ratings. What's your reasonable forecast for the Celtics this upcoming season? Oh, I'd, I'd be shocked if they weren't in the mid fifties again. I think Fandal has them minus 135 for the 50 plus. There's more injury risk this year with the 49 and a half on Fandal and it's not minus 135 to the over. Oh, well, it was, it was four days ago. 50 plus wins was minus 135. So that's different. I'm going to try and pull it up here super quick. They had, they had the Celtics. They opened up, Fandal opened up, they put 10 teams out with, um, with the actual over -unters with, with over -unters and the Celtics are at 49 and a half. And I guarantee you, the over is not minus 135 at the moment. So 25 minutes a game, 20 to 25 minutes a game. He's so much better is a lot of games for Mitchell Roberts. I get it. But he's just way better than what they had last year with Garza and Vousavitch could not agree more. That's why I thought they should have kept you. But how many Tatum is in the Jalen Brown spot and has been a first him on NBA guy four times. So you'd figure there at least a little bit about him. They lose Simon's and replace him with Paul George. And then you have who goes a year older and Schierman's a year older, more pressure shots, less minutes for weight. So he can be a little more efficient. And I don't understand why they wouldn't at least be a 54 to 55 win team. For the regular season. That's three corners. Inge, they have more injury. They did last year. Yeah. They sure do. They sure do. Mitch Paul George. Right. But the thing is, couldn't they play Paul George? Forty five games. Oh, so it's exact same price. It's minus one thirty five. I got it wrong. Boston at winning 50 is it still at minus one thirty five. And the over is over forty nine and a half. That's what fans will set it for. Right. Is it minus one thirty five? So that's it. I mean, I would think about the fifty five for that. Because he figured Detroit's worse. We'll see if it will be better next to be the tough. Yeah. There's only one team that took a step backwards, in my opinion. And that's Detroit. The Pacers are going to be playing, you know, to win this season. The Wizards are playing to win. Now that doesn't translate. But I don't think Charlotte is worse. I like what they did in terms of their machinations. We'll see this offseason. I like what they did in long term. But this for the season itself, we'll see. Well, we'll see. I like Orlando this upcoming season with a functioning head coach. And if Franz Wagner can play 60 games. Well, but look, I mean, you know, they were forecasted to have over 50 wins last season. And they would be a little bit better. Right. But he's just tough. He's just going to be a bitch. There's only three teams that suck. I got to say that single funniest thing to me about the Jalen. Listen, and it's been discussed a little in different places. But I think Jalen's side and his agent definitely, definitely sabotaged a couple of possible teams. There's no question. There's a couple of teams. Like who? I think there were a couple of teams that they were like, yeah, he's not going to be happy if he goes there. Name names. I think there were teams that backed off. Name. And they got a problem with trading him at this moment now, especially, is like, there are not a lot of teams that can take on a $57 million contract. Like, it's, it's, it's under this. But this is, this is the infinite one. Go ahead. Explain to me in a million years why the Brooklyn Nets wouldn't have traded Michael Porter's expiring for, and three of the first they have for Jalen Brown. What possible answer do you have for this? You are asking for, you know, the, the, the solution to the Jesus shroud. This is the functional equivalent. Like, how can you explain? There's, like, I'm Joe, I'm Joe. We have a chance to trade Michael Porter's expiring a pick down the road. We have like a Houston pick and something else, and we can get Jalen Brown. Wouldn't, wouldn't your answer be like, what the fuck are you waiting for? Take the trade before they pull it off. The phenomenon in the, this is one of those phenomena in the universe that has no explanation. You just have to accept it. It's not like to have another max guy. You can't even blame like this backwards. They're Brooklyn put this on the table. No, I'm saying Boston thought they had a chance to pull something off with Brooklyn. And at some point in the higher levels, I talked about this a week ago, it got squashed. They decided they didn't, they weren't interested in Jalen Brown, which you. Oh, okay. I'm saying, so at the higher point. Well, Brooklyn deciding against it makes perfect sense, because they didn't make no sense whatsoever. Because you can't make any sense out of what Brooklyn is doing. The next just won the title. Who are you, who am I selling to next fans next year? Please come see Brown or rookie before he gets hurt. Julius, if I have Brown and Julius Randall and a bunch of shooting and young guys, like I'm at that point, I'm not, I'm not interesting. Right. But yeah, they turn that down. It's really bad. They don't need more teams. They just need to move that Brooklyn team. We're going to take a break and then we're going to talk about Joellen guessing is for game shows, not your business, especially when your margin for error is zero. Workday is the enterprise AI platform for HR finance and IT with a deep understanding of your organization's context and guardrails. So every AI action is permission to wear, giving you accuracy 24 seven and the ability to not just get work done, but get it done right. It's a new workday. This episode is brought to you by Holiday Inn by IHG. If I'm ever traveling for work, where I stay is so important. I actually really care about this because sometimes I even have to do a podcast and wherever I'm staying. In general, I don't go on the road that much, but when I go on the road, I like to be in a nice hotel with a nice room. I'm spoiled. If you sound like me, check out Holiday Inn. It has a whole new energy, especially for business travelers. You'll see it everywhere from refresh rooms to reimagine social spaces and dining done right with new drinks and dishes. And for business, there are flexible spaces that work for the way you work. It's a new day and a new stay book now at Holiday Inn .com. All right, Joellen B, 57 million this year, 63 next year, 67 in the final year of his deal. I mean, we're doing the worst contracts draft all over. I mean, this whole podcast is Paul George and Joellen Bead. Absolutely amazing. Jalen's 57, 61 and 65 and Maxi's 41, 44 and 46. And the cap's going backwards. This whole thing where the cap went backwards has been, I wish I had been more focused on it, heading into the draft and for HD. Like, this is nuts. It's 6 million lower than they projected it for this year. I think next year, it's going to be in double figures. And by the time we get to the last year of the decade, I think it's going to be like 25 million less than they thought. So this is the most, yes, I didn't mean to interrupt. Well, no, it's just when they did the jaglin deal a couple of years ago, it was like, yeah, whoa, we'd pay the whole 304 with Tatum too. Like, why'd we do that? And then everybody, and it was just Celtics, every team was like, cap's going way up. Like, it's like that contract and a couple of years, like, and I remember doing pods about these guys are gonna be making 75 million. And it's going to be like, they're making 35 now. Well, the captain go up because of all this local TV stuff. And it is one of the reasons that drove the Celtics trade. And if I'm the sixers and I have 114 million for the beat in Jalen and then I set the maxi thing going up, who's the guy I want to build my team around and I have DJ Edge come down the road. It makes me wonder, do I need to have Joellen beat around? I think they're going to trade Joellen beat house. And I think they want to. And I don't care if this gets aggregated. So I think he's available. I think teams think he's available. And I think Philly has been pretty careful about saying we're so excited to build around and be Jalen Max and BJ. You haven't really heard a lot of that. I think it beats available. And the question for me house, would you trade for Joellen beat? And if you, and if you, if the answer is yes, how much would you give up? Would the wizards trade for Joellen beat? Is that the question? I'll give you a bunch of them. Yeah, I'll give you the wizards. That would be Davis for 58 .4. It's a straight shoot. I think Philly would have to make a second trade to do something with the first throw picks into that trade to get you to take a beat. Sure would. Would you, would you be in that? No, sir. No, thank you. I'm all set. So no, thank you. Yeah. Well, I'd like to be. If you're Milwaukee, would you think about Miles Turner, 26, 28, 29 next three years and Kuzma is expiring for Joellen beat? To do what? Milwaukee is stinks. What's the point of adding a guy that plays 40 games a season at 60 million bucks a year? So that, so that's a no. That's a hard no. Okay. They need to stink. If you're Brooklyn, would you think about Michael Porter? Just straight up for Embiid. Who knows? You have to ask. But you're in charge. You're in charge of Brooklyn right now. Oh, I'm in charge. You're in charge of Brooklyn. Yes. You would trade Michael Porter's expiring for three years of Embiid. No, definitely not. You wouldn't. No, Michael Porter's expiring is worth a lot. That's worth a lot. I could have Joellen beat the 2023. I think it was the year you went 2023 and VPM my team. How many games is it? Who's on my team? Let's say you moved to Brooklyn. Who are you going to see in the Nets this year? Nobody. Julius Randall? The same as ever. It's the Nets. Here's the one team, I think. Dallas, run by Messiah. You hairy. Long, long standing relationship with Joellen. Okay. I think would be the one guy that would maybe be a little more favorable about rolling the dice to them. And the other thing is they have contracts. They have Gafford at 1718 -19. PJ Washington, 2123 and Clay at 17 .4. And that can't be the trade. They'd need a 13. So you would have to bring Milwaukee into it and send Turner and Kuzma to Philly. You would have to send and beat to Dallas. That's not terrible. And then you would have to send the Gafford, Clay, PJ. You need some sort of 13. It'd be something like that. If you were Dallas, would you think about it? No. Wrong player, wrong timeline. So the conclusion we've come to is that Philly is going to have Joellen beat on their team next year. The situation that makes sense for him, honestly, is a team that is very close to winning the title. And that team looking at, you know, it would be a Western Conference team to me in the first place. And it would be a team that feels like we can bolster our when -be stopping power with some number of games from my own bead in the playoffs. That's what makes sense to me. Okay. What's that team? Well, the contenders are Minnesota, Denver, and Oklahoma City. Those would be the teams that I think have a legit chance. I don't look at anybody else in the West. Why not? They had a - I'm not doing that if I'm Denver. They had valence units as the backup to Joker. Yeah, but you can have a 57 million Denver's out. That's Denver's ridiculous. Okay. I'm just saying - They have to trade your ball Murray for him. I'm talking Minnesota. I don't think can. And you're saying they have to trade your hit to mall a Murray for him. Giant big guys with no point card. Minnesota. I don't think can do anything because of the second apron. I think it's too complicated for them. Even the Go Bear bit, they can't go bare for a bead. I don't even know if they're allowed to package players. That's another thing that's so stupid about the league right now. It's these restrictions and regulations against being able to trade the third team you had. Shout it. San Antonio themselves could acquire him. Oklahoma City, though, was the third team. They're not doing that either. Okay. It would have to be a team that's like a slightly slightly desperate - I mean, it could be Houston, but Houston doesn't do anything that makes any sense. So they're just going to waste the end of KD. Forget all the teams. Would you even consider taking that contract down in a million years? Under the desperate kind of circumstances is what you said. Can Golden State fit him? Is the expiring Jimmy Butler an option here? House. Now we're talking. Now we're talking. Yeah, we can get to play a third. Fuck it. We'll get they had a bead, Kirk coached him in the Olympics. He played very well for Kerr. He really tried hard for that US team and beat it. Can you use them as a luxury? The problem is if you're wrong, you've ruined the last bullet in your gun for Curry. Golden State's an interesting one, though. Yeah, the bigger point is there. What if LeBron helps? The other one is what if Detroit says, yeah, this is actually more interesting to us than a Duran signing trade. I don't know if they would do that either. Okay. But yeah, there's just not a lot of teams. I don't hate Detroit. I really don't. I don't hate Detroit. I do think that the idea of KD and Bead has a kind of logic. Let me do this exercise in a slightly different way. Give me the over under of games by year and Bead plays next three years. Thirty nine and a half per year. Oh, you're saying yes. Yes, per year. Right. So that's one. So it's over under. Thirty nine and a half games next season. Would you bet over under? Under. Yes. See, this is why Philly is not going to be able to trade Joellen Bead. I think that's the next extension. If the next had lost the title. Oh, that's a good one. There's some towns and Bead starts to become, but instead it went the other way. But yeah, the next the biggest mistake Darryl made, I think of this decade, was not selling high and in Bead, much like the Celtics just sold high on Jalen Brown, which I think for different reasons, but it wasn't just only the not selling high. It was also the extension that was not called for was not required. He was cut. He had a murky foot situation. That extension is the most unforgivable extension in all basketball. All right. So we think Joellen Bead will stay on Philly, even though I don't think they wanted to stay. That that would that's what I'm looking forward to them being asked this in a press conference being like, I don't know where the stuff's coming from. We what we love Joelle. We want him back here. I don't. I think they want to have the team built around Maxie and Vijay and Jalen Brown and if they could get out that contract, they would. Um, on Joellen Bead, golden state, if they could just man it and then have Draymond, they have Yaxle and Curry and basically, and they have poor Zingas right that have a couple of luxuries. And basically the goal would be, can we just patch together a regular season and get into the playoffs as one of the eight seeds and then kind of see how it goes for two months. Kind of fun. I'm into it. I'm into it. It's kind of fun. Let's let's let's let's take a spin. Well, the other thing that happened to poor gold state is I think they thought they were getting a LeBron and potentially a D and now it's pretty clear they were being used by leverage as leverage in the as LeBron goes back. But I don't understand what that leverage translates into like meaning what? Because the teams that are still in the running for him, the Sixers, the Heat, he's going in and Cleveland. The Cleveland thing's done. He's going to Cleveland. Okay. Come on. But it has to be first of all, they hired his buddies, sister GM. That was red flag number one. Red flag number two was they gave down of a Mitchell that giant extension for no reason. Do you want to pay down of a Mitchell 75 billion dollars three years from now? Well, here here's the thing. That was they were paying off down of a Mitchell. So he doesn't get mad when we got the money. You're going to be shouting this from the rooftops. We need to tell all the hoops heads out there, all the NBA lovers. It's not just that the salary cap is going in the wrong direction. The percentage of what Donovan Mitchell's salary represents to Cleveland is going, it's going to be nearly 40 % of the cap because of the way that the cap is going to move. The cap goes, is it any sort of danger going the other way? It's an incredible miss by the people doing the math at the time the collective bargaining agreement was negotiated. And this second apron, this hard cap was dropped into the situation. They fucked up how much money is going to be available year over year in a material way. So we are living in an era now and you've said this and we just got to keep telling all our hoops head brother and there are going to be a lot of deals done where it was done for money, not done for for basketball reasons, but for salary cap reasons. Two things, two things might flip this. Let's hear it. Expansion, being able to dump, they could make the expansion rules, whatever they want. Okay. They could say you have to take eight, 10 million dollar and up players or however they want to do it, but you might be able to get off one of these guys. The other thing is, and I don't know if they can. What's the timeline for expansion? Does it marry up with how much time is left on the MB contract? No, the next couple of years are going to be bad. I wonder, could they, could they institute an emergency amnesty clause? Just make that part of like, like they add a year to the CBA. They're like, well, I had a year to the CBA, but we need a couple of things back, including, we're going to bring the amnesty clause back. You and I, the amnesty clause. The players don't want another year of the CBA. The players hate this collective bargaining agreement. Well, they should blame themselves because they had the reps that signed up for it. The amnesty clause brought us more joy than just about anything. It was the Alan Houston. All of it. Just every time they had it, it was so funny to watch teams just just pay people to go away, including your team with the famous Andre Blatch extension, which was my favorite. All time, great. The extension that turned into the amnesty clause. Yeah, I don't. Maybe there's not an MB team yet, but that's, I feel like that's going to be a story. By the way, he's been pretty quiet the last couple of weeks, but I, I feel like there's something there with Dallas too. You haven't seen a welcome to, to Philly JB from MB yet. Have we seen that? Maybe he's done it. I'm, I don't, I'm not. So you're just, you, there's no situation where you trade for him, unless you were super close to a title and you had a situation like a Jimmy Butler type contract. A thousand percent. You wouldn't do it like if you're Brooklyn and be like, we have Joe on Bead, we have a star, come see Joe Ellen Bead. How many games can you tell your fans he's going to show up and play? If he only plays 40 games, then come see him for 20 games. I don't know. How did Philly do it the last five years? Not well. Their fans are, are, are, are, are besides themselves. The counter and indeed is you, you could say, man, I don't know, his knees look actually pretty good. He had all these other weird injuries and things happen that what if he's just healthy? And I'm trying to talk myself into it for somebody. Phoenix was the other one that I couldn't even figure out. Phoenix is a salary cap, but it just felt like a Phoenix. They would do it. Yeah. It felt like a Phoenix. You had to move that there'd be no doubt. I mean, the Miles Bridges thing is fucking bananas. Why, why did they acquire Miles Bridges? Well, I think then you got to be his college. Yes, he did. Same seems like that could be an explanation. All right. Well, watch, indeed, watch is on. We're going to take, oh, I had another thing for you. Teams that have their own picks in 2027, we're going to do a mailbag in one second. As far as I can tell, it's only 11 teams that just have their own pick in a way that we can understand like, oh, they have their own pick. Sacramento, Memphis, Chicago, Washington, Portland, Orlando, Charlotte, Gold State, Indiana, Boston, and Detroit. And I think I'm right. I'm not, don't, don't hold me to it. But I think those are the 11 teams. And then there's a whole bunch of new picks, swaps, Houston has Phoenix's pick. Memphis has the Lakers. Brooklyn has the next pick. San Antonio has the Hawks, et cetera, et cetera. Um, I think they need to add this to the CBA too, along with the amnesty clause. What they, this is too confusing now. Like, look at, look at this document I have. New picks, swaps, and like, this is just a team. This is fucking, how did we end up here? How did we end up here? There's two double swaps and I don't even know if this is all right. Um, like Brooklyn has Philly's pick. I think protected one through eight next year, which they're not getting. So I guess it rolls over. Quippers have Toronto's pick. The Celtics have this Clippers pick two years from now. That might actually be something. Well, this is, I mean, we can't do this. But it's just, it's too, I just can't follow it anymore. That's the week of June, 2027, one through 30. Somebody will be picking 30 picks in the first round. They have to. Who the hell knows? I hate it. Um, all right, we're going to come back to the mail back. This message is brought to you by Mariner. It takes the right team to help develop an athlete's talents. Managing your money works the same way. Have you ever thought, am I getting the most out of my financial plan? You're ready for Mariner? With Mariner, you get an advisor backed by a full team, a specialist. So everything's working together toward your goals. Take the next step in your financial journey with Mariner. Investment advisory services offered through Mariner LLC and SEC registered investment advisor. For more information, visit Mariner .com. This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. We are in the heart of the FIFA World Cup 26. Every play matters here. FIFA World Cup 26 for you. The stakes are just aside. Michelob Ultra, the official beer sponsor of the FIFA World Cup 26. It's giving you a chance to win $1 million worth of tickets and prizes. Michelob Ultra from the pitch to the poor. Superior is worth playing for. Enter now at Michelob Ultra dot com slash superior access slash FIFA World Cup 26. Michelob Ultra, FIFA World Cup 26, superior access. No purchase necessary. Open a US residence 21 plus begins on December 1st, 2025 ends on July 31st, 2026 multiple entry periods. Visit www dot Michelob Ultra dot com slash superior access slash FIFA World Cup 26 for free entry entry deadlines, prizes, and details. All right. So mail back questions. You can send them to bspodcast33hmail .com. Actually, speaking of what we were just talking about with Brandon asked about the repeater tax as it run its course, teams are treating the second apron as a hard cap. Can they just remove it? It was interesting. Stevens mentioned something I had been talking about on my podcast for years about how unfair it was that Tatum and Brown were guys they drafted that grew up in Boston, became star players, and then they basically because of the rules couldn't keep both of them and whether they should have stuff built into protected teams. And my argument was always like after five years, maybe you get 2 % off per year of the guy's salary for your luxury tax or your cap or whatever, you get some sort of benefit because then that would lead to more stability and fans knowing that they would have the same guy on a team for more than nine years. You're down with any of those types of ideas, right? Of course. Yes. You have to persuade the ownership that group that you know sits on that side of the table that this is something that fans want. And so far, they haven't been persuaded that it hasn't shown up in a collective bargaining agreement yet. AJ should make sense. AJ in Toledo says, the everyone wins penalty would be for the NBA to force bomber to swap the Clippers for the SuperSonics for free. He gets to be the hometown hero and Seattle and run the team. He leaves behind the Intuit Dome and the Clippers, which they then have expansion for and you get the other Clippers and his expansion team. And that's how everybody saves face. I mean, the more interesting thing about the bomber penalty and if there's going to be a penalty, any of that stuff is they traded Kawata Toronto. Who was the aggrieved party in 2019? Toronto. I mean, the stories are out there about all of the extracurricular stuff that, you know, Kawai's camp was demanding. So conspiracy bills are out there. Conspiracy bill tackled this in a mailbag a week and a half ago about could this be the penalty where they just, Toronto just gets their picks back and we call it a day. But it is interesting that they've removed the one, so they get Kawai back who apparently loved being there the whole time, even though he fled like it was the Amityville Horror House after that season. And everybody's just like, yeah, you know, and we're just good. So does this mean we're never getting a verdict or finding out what happened? Both. Yes, we'll be a verdict. But so finding out what happened, the league is going to say we we investigated it extremely thoroughly and we couldn't connect any of the dots that suggest that there was, you know, a knowing plan by the leadership of the Clippers to deliberately circumvent the salary cap. It's a lot of circumstantial evidence. So you're going to say we couldn't connect any of the dots. It doesn't look good. The optics aren't great, but there's no, you know, direct communication from anybody at Clippers leadership to Kawai or to aspire that says we're going to try and compensate you, Kawai, outside of the rules of the league. We'll see how it goes. Juman from North Carolina. That's why I'm going to get lands. Juman from North Carolina wants to know why Phoenix isn't being talked about as a legitimate LeBron destination. He could be doing the 2020 on Chris Paul with Devin Booker. They have talent. They have flexibility. And more importantly, it's one of the country's best golf destinations. What more could he want? Intriguing. Here's the thing. Two answers. First of all, he's going to play golf wherever he wants to play golf on whatever circumstances he wants to play golf. He's not tied to the locale, right? It's a nice to have for the locale to have, you know, some golf courses on the days that he's actually, you know, this is going to be on the road half the season. Yes, yes. And even own games, you know, if there's time stretches in the schedule, he can get anywhere. He has a private jet that will take him anywhere on Earth and certainly anywhere within the continental United States to go play golf when he finds room in the schedule. And by the way, if he needs a little bit of rest here and there, which certainly makes sense for him and for the team, then go take three days. He doesn't need to play every regular season home game. And he won't play every regular season away game. He'll play some number. It probably makes sense for him to play. What do you think 60 games? Is that is that the right number? He has every record that this is why I still feel like, I mean, one of my predictions is already coming true that he's using the entire month of July to milk this. And it's worked. And everybody with a podcast, every TV show has had LeBron segments. ESPN seems to write a piece every two days like played brilliantly on that. I still wonder, could he just wait till December, January and just keep this going for six months and kind of wait for week 17 football season to strike, depending on who he. How many games did he miss at the beginning of the most recently completed season, the first 30? Yeah. Well, yeah, it was like 20, at least. Yeah, because of the sciatica. Got to say, I got the sciatica. Got the sciatica. I got to say, which is makes sense. Fine with it. If he called you as his golf conciliary and was like, I'm picking my team. I have every record. I have four titles. I'm picking my team solely for the golf courses. What would you tell them? Golden State. It's an all time no brainer. The proximity to the Monterey Peninsula and Cypress Point. That means you get Cypress. You get pebble, obviously. You get the other bangers right there. Monterey Peninsula Club is super underrated. Magnificent Positiempo is within a short drive. And then right there in San Francisco, there is banger after banger. San Francisco Golf Club, the Cal Club, where Curry belongs. Olympic is there. It's just, you know, there are a dozen of the greatest golf courses that Earth has to offer in that area. Plus, L .A. is a short flight. So he's got all of those. He has San Diego in that whole scene. He wants to go spend, you know, 48 hours at Band and Dunes down at North Bend, Oregon. You know how easy it is to get out from a private jet from San Francisco's pitch. It's like, dude, you already won four titles. You're already, everybody's top three for eternity. Like, well, he should have fun. That's the one that has to make this patch. You and Seth have the one making the pitch. You're selling out arenas. You're going to get to play golf in every course. Like, what are we doing? Just come to us. I don't know what he's, the Cleveland thing. I don't really understand it. What do you mean? I don't understand how, like, if winning is the number one priority. Yeah. I don't understand how you win a title if you're playing Mitchell, Hardin, and Lebron as three of your five guys in four straight playoff series. Why anyone would think that was going to work? It's a tough one. I think Lebron has to be in the hard end spot. And the only case I would say, like, why if he decided it's Cleveland, why it's taking so long is they're trying to figure out a way to get out of the when they had a wink wink with them. I thought they already extended him, didn't they? I thought they were still discussing it. Yeah. I don't think it's been announced. Well, they said they're working on the extension. Has it not been announced that the extension is complete? I don't know. You've seen teams back out of stuff. The wink wink was, well, that's true. We have seen that. I'm going to go. Darryl -Mory is a liar. That's according to some. That was tough. Put Darryl -Mory, tough decade. No, he is not. The extension is not complete yet. It is not. There's a lot of could -be's and maybe's. Could be three years, like all kinds of stuff. That's what I saw. It would be interesting if Hardin became the sixth man on the team, like he went back to his 2012 OKC. The problem with Cleveland is Kenny Fucking Atkinson. I mean, get grandpa, his smoking pipe, and some pudding, and let him tell you how many games they won, according to the Ouija board. Charlie sends in. It's supposed to be eight slices of pie for blame pie. I always do blame pie. I guess I had three slices in the last one, and he doesn't like that. It's illegal. That's great. There's no word. No need to have the word pie involved. You don't say sure. I'll have 10 % more apple pie on Thanksgiving yourself. One more slice. And then he writes, I'm a depressed Celtics fan living in the Bay Area. He wants more explanations. So how many slices can be in a blame pie at least four? Because you could have a four slice blame pie. You could, yes. But we had eight explanations for how the Celtics fucked this up. Did they apologize to their fan base yet? The Celtics? Yeah, they need to apologize. I'll say this. Because there's been some weird stuff going on online, and people doing shitty things to Stevens and all that stuff. Sports, anybody that does that stuff, I just don't get it. Like you could be mad about a trade, whatever. But you start going in a social media handles and stuff. I just think you've got to take a look at a mayor at that point. I didn't see any of that stuff. Yeah. It's like shit with Brad Stevens's kids. I didn't know all of it. Come on. That's horrendous. Let's keep it in perspective. We won the title in 2024. Settled down. I didn't like the trade either. But if you're going online to try to attack people, settle down. Keith Black says, he thinks the Matt Freese era from the World Cup game is up there with the worst sports places ever seen in his life. And he said his top five are Jair Smith's finals brain fart. The Bill Buckner game six error. The Colts special teams play when they put all the guys on the right side. And then the snapper got overrun and the punter got tackled. The butt fumble and Chris Weber calling timeout. He thinks I should have a bracket with all the worst plays ever. That's too mean. The Matt Freese play was iconic though. Yeah. And you have to separate even that list of contenders. The stakes were radically different for many of those. Like the Buckner error is in the same class as Freese because that's what was at Freese. I don't know how it's gone. Buckner was just like a brain fart mistake. The goalie having like basically an AYSO error for the third goal that you would see like in an under 10 game in Norco, California. I'm still reeling from that. I'm just being like in terms of like what was at stake and the the the the horror. Yeah, it's pretty bad. Well, except for they weren't going to win that series and it was game one and they still all it all it produced was them going to over time. They still could have won that basketball game. It didn't the game didn't end on that play. The stupid, you know, giving up that goal. The game was over. That was it that game. What about when they whipping it off? Castles back. Let's go ahead and put that in the list. You could put that in the list. The foul was worse. The foul on him fouling Brunson was worse. AC and DC says the Jalen trade is so interesting because of two elements coexisting. How lopsided and panicky the trade appears. How amazing Brad Stevens has been to things that don't to things that collide. Well, he's been amazing as an executive. Yeah, I think so. You like the vouchavitch how that went down. That was a money thing. That was a money thing and then hope that was it. That was a money trade. That was not a basketball trade. Again, we have to keep telling the world this because that team was, you know, trending in a direction where they knew the Tatum was a possibility. They had to save money or the team was going to have $300 million in taxes, which was unsustainable. This is the expectation management that I'm talking about and why they should be apologizing. They should have said out loud that Jalen, as much as we love him and we'd love to keep him, we're not sure that's going to be possible. They could have said that at any point. They should have said that during the honest thing. They could have said this at any point. I'm still not positive they were that in on Janis. They made one offer. You said that they made one offer. They never made a second one though. It's so weird. Why? If you wanted to get a new house in DC and you're like, I really like this house. You make an offer and then the broker is like, all right, well, they'll do this instead. And you're like, nope. I made my one offer. Rather than not have the house. You shouldn't even make an offer in basketball. That means you're going to make another offer. But that's the thing. The Celtics are like, yeah, I'm good with that. I don't want the house. It doesn't make any sense because it costs them jail and brown. Yeah. Anyway, AC in DC says with something like the Luca trade, we could immediately just trash Nico Harrison and not worry too much about eating crolator. But because of how much most basketball fans respect Stevens, we have to entertain the thought that maybe we're the asshole here. Maybe he's far ahead of us on understanding the card cap and how to compete with one being OKC and getting rid of Jalen. And then he wonders, has there ever been a bigger self questioning? Wait, am I the asshole? Trade in the history of basketball. I did think about this. It's probably the Adrian Dantley Marker Guire trade. Okay. Because I think our reaction when that trade happened was, huh. Like they almost made the finals last year with Adrian Dantley. And Marker Guire seems pretty unhappy and Dallas. And this is a pretty weird trade. I wonder why they did this. And then it turned out that won them two titles. Not saying this is going to turn out the same way. I couldn't think of any other examples though. How quickly can they trade Paul George? What are the rules now? How long do they have to hold on to him? I mean, you can send him a period of time. Okay. They still, I didn't know if there was like, if this was one of those trades where you have to sit on them for some period of time before he comes trade eligible again. I liked when New Orleans said they're not trading trade Murphy. What are they doing? Trade Murphy's going around everywhere saying like, yeah, I don't know where I'm going. I'm definitely getting traded. Like talk to him. New Orleans and Brooklyn, the two most confounding franchises. Luke Hall and Melbourne, Australia. Love Melbourne, Australia. He said, after hearing your list of, oh no, trades on the podcast with Zach, should we start ranking trades for shock factor the same as earthquakes? Like on the Richter scale, the Luca trade would be a 9 .5, the largest ever recorded. It's true. You could factor it after shocks, tsunamis, and more for trading houses. It's a 9 .9. That's a full 10. Yeah, I would argue the Luca trade was a 9 .7. I think it's a 10. That's like the end of the civilization. Whatever the highest, oh. I thought nine was like your whole city's ruined at like three and a half or a half. So maybe the Luca's a nine. That's catastrophic until the league fixed the Cooper flag pick. I think a 10 would be like OKC trading. Shay Gilgis Alexander for Kevin Herder, straight up. That'd be a 10. What about what happened? What about the Celtics trading Jalen Brown for Paul George and two first round picks? Yeah, what about that? I think it's at least at least a seven and a half. I would say so. The thing is, we knew they were shopping them. So that's what the Luca trade over contract. We've you know, punch mileage. We've gotten off these Paul George contracts the last three years. What was the number one Washington Wizards Richter scale trade? Oh. Probably Chris Mitch Richmond for Chris Weber. That was pretty bad. You were so sad. It hurt. Actually, you know what? No, it's not that it was. We traded Ben Wallace for hold on. I know this the guy from Orlando. Oh God, I know his name. I'm sorry. I can't pull it right now. It was a horrendous, horrendous. Yeah, because Ben Wallace went to Detroit and became a cornerstone. The most important player on multiple contending teams for them. So it was. I cost him. I cost him. Yeah, I knew I could pull it. Tim Legler was in that trade. Legs. Legs. What are how he feels about it? I cost him. I remember Christ. I had a I had the digital city column back then. But no podcast. You were just an occasional character in my in my column. I don't think you weighed in on the record on that. But I know from phone calls, you were absolutely furious and upset because you were going to wizards games and you were like, this guy Ben Wallace. There's something here. Then they traded him for a cost of. God damn it. Now that Kyle Larry is officially retired as a raptor, I need a ruling. This is from Big Mo in Toronto. Is Kyle Larry a Hall of Famer? Mm six all -stars went on B .A. champion Olympic gold. He will get a jersey retired here anyway, but we can't control the Hall of Famer. So as you know, I've been constantly tinkering with this pyramid list that I'll probably die and nobody will even know who was in it. I did have him on the extended honorable mention. Second best player in the championship team. He did get 13 on B .A. once 2019 playoffs. 15, 5, and 7 in 24 games with all the defense stuff that he did. I wrote down best love him on your team. Hate him if he's on anyone else's team guy of Azera, basically, which is Lambeir, Mohorn, Bruce Bowen, those kind of guys. He was probably the most talented of all those types of players. And everyone gets into the Hall of Famer. So the answer is he's in. He's in. He's in a great point. That's most important point. Did he get in? Are you kidding me? Yeah, he'll get in. He's 20 ,000 points. He'll be in. My goodness. The NBA is something. Jack M writes, I've heard several takes on how LaMello will fit with Ant in Minnesota. But people aren't talking enough about the biggest problem with this trade. LaMello ball will be living in Minnesota throughout the winter. The worst driver of our era is going to be driving out snow and ice for four months. This can't end well. You're going to have to call Con and Uber and get to Minnesota to predict Ant at all costs. We cannot let him get in an automobile with LaMello behind the wheel. People have been joking about this, but it's possible we haven't joked enough about it. It's like he couldn't handle Charlotte. Charlotte's nice. It should be in his contract that he. Uber's only? It's a drug. Yes. Yes. It doesn't not an Uber. Just a driver. I think he likes driving though. He likes driving that. Well, that means he likes crazy giant trucks. He's going to drive that giant truck in. Could be Fargo too. Paul from Liverpool, UK. He said FAO conspiracy bill. Myopic new salary cap rules. Most talent leagues after ever had not enough max salary slots, potentially disgruntled players. Adam Silver now trying to rush expansion to open up more salaries and more max slots. What are your thoughts? I don't think they're related. Yes. It did make me think that. I tend to agree with you. You think that the expansion will open up the cap that the cap will increase because of the expansion? The cap will increase the ability to take 24 players and move them around and give some cap relief. Then if you're an expansion team, if indeed some protected, the last year of his day, let's say they started in 27, 28. Or 28, let's say they started in 29. If you're Vegas, do you make them be like one of your first picks in the expansion because you get Joe LMB for a year? Right. Okay, I get it. Except for mayor as in New York says, why is no one in the media discussing just how terrible the pelcan's rebuild is going? Is it a retool? A repoop? You tell me. Trey Murphy is still on this team. Why exactly? Missy is suddenly feverishly untouchable. Derek Queen, he's untouchable. Herb Jones, they're letting content, which is letting him rot away in a smoothie -coated hellhole. And what in the ever -loving fuck is Zion Williamson still doing there? From the outside, it looks less like a plan and more like someone forgot to hit simulate on the rebuild. What are they doing? What is this game? I don't. Well, he forgot one. They just didn't. They just hired him almost. We need to be that good team. He's hot. He's coming off a 7 -game playoff series. Well, he's hot because he was sitting on the goddamn hot seat for the entirety of that Orlando season. He's hot for the seat. It's in Inferno. Yeah, so they have in Brooklyn. I have no fucking idea what they're doing. Dumas, when he traded McCollum's expiring for two years of Jordan Pool, one of my favorite underrated bad trades of the decade. Bless up. Bless up to Dumas. So they still have Jordan Pool on an expiring. They have Murphy, Herb Jones. They did not have the number on pick this year, of course. They still have Murray. I don't know. I don't know what you're doing. That's a team. Who was it? The Willie Green was the head coach. Yeah. It was just two years ago, and they were on pace to win nearly 50 games. Of course, I got hurt. But there was a case to be made for Willie Green. He was quietly taking a lot of that talent, and here we are with them once again. They have some sort of swap with Milwaukee that I just... Yeah. They should be valuable, because Milwaukee is going to stink stink. It's either 27 or 20. There's been so many things about... I have this document with all the draft picks, and I don't even know what's right anymore. But they have a swap with... Apparently with New Orleans and Milwaukee, where New Orleans gets the best of those two picks. But that... Yeah, that's right. I have that correct. So that's not bad. No, that's not bad. Bunks might not be good. They are not going to be good. All right, a couple more. Watching Upset. This is from Craig from Durham, North Carolina. Watching Obsession. Did you see Obsession? I didn't. Sign me up. You can pay per view it on whatever. Watching Obsession got me thinking about Kevin Durant. His career has all the telltale signs of a poorly worded wish coming true. That's the focus of Obsession. That's the problem. That makes a wish. It goes badly. After being eliminated in 2016, Durant made a wish to probably sign it something like, I wish I was part of the best team of all time. He then got his chance. Unfortunately, after that, numerous injuries put on the line sabotage a couple of teams, never got the respect he wanted. That's an interesting analogy. He did get what he wanted. That 2017 Warriors team was, I think the best team of this century. Either them or the Omen Lakers in the finals. Who do you have in that? The Warriors. Back -to -back finals MVP, right? Didn't he get it both years? Patrick wants to know if, is Jaylen Brown replaced Cat now as this generation's 90 -10 guy? Whereas 90 % is good, but everybody dwells on the 10%. And he said, my other choice was Cat, but I think he washed himself of his sins with the last postseason. I think that's true. I agree. So Jaylen, that was that Westbrook column I wrote in 2012 about. Everybody has 10 % that's not great. In some guys, it's more glaring than others. And Russell Westbrook's was always the most glaring. And that's a little bit like what Jaylen's like. Cal from Ottawa, he said, after watching Argentina scrape by Egypt, got me thinking about messing in his relationship with his teammates. I think he has to be the most number one most loved teammate of all time. Who else would you add to the West? Steph, et cetera, et cetera, he goes. For basketball, I think Steph and Duncan and Nash. I'm glad you had Duncan. I agree with Duncan as well. I think for the last 25 years. And it seems like Brunson might be pretty close. Yeah. Okay, good. Like that direction. And then going backwards, I think Russell is probably the all -time example of this. Jerry West was another good one. Bill Wallman was healthy. It wasn't magic, beloved. And magic. Magic, you know, he didn't get a coach fire there. He didn't get normed and mistreated. Like, I don't think it was perfect, but I think everybody loved that magic on their team. David B from the Bay Area was listening to me talk to Zach about how I thought they needed a third card in soccer. In Gaelic football and hurling? Oh. In Ireland? Yeah. They have similar yellow and red card soccer, but they also have a black card that works like a power play. You get a black card, you're out of the game for 10 minutes and your team's at a disadvantage and then you come back. Oh, I like this. I started to think about how this could apply to the NBA and other sports. You get technical foul. You're out for two minutes. Your team plays five on four. I got to say, I did think about it a little bit. I think for soccer, like the ballergen red card, if they had just given him the black card instead, he's just out for 15 minutes and you have to play. One man down and then he comes back. I'd like that more than just this like do or die with the way it is now. My complaint with the ballergen red card was the next game. Even if he had set out the remainder of the game in which he'd committed that foul, I could have kind of understood that, but kicking him out for the next game and having a game and a half. That's like the Webby elbow. When Webby elbow, who did Webby elbow? Nas Reed. Nas Reed. He had to leave that game in the first half and then if he had also missed the next game, that's like you basically missed two games. That was possible because we wonder whether he was going to get in a suspension and there was some discussion at the time around whether or not the league would step up that way. Daniel from Toronto wants to know, are the Raptors Forrest Gump and his Kawai Jenny? They unconditionally and deeply love the person, but they walk out on you, cheat on you, dabble and rot and sketchy behavior. When it all goes to shit, whisper sweet, nothing. So you take them back and provide a net of safety and support for their final chapter. I guess Forrest Jr. is the 2019 title. You don't want to guess what he said aspiration was. I do like the analogy of Jenny Gump as Kawai. It's pretty good. The problem is I love you, Jenny. This next chapter in Toronto, it's not going to go well. Well, yeah, they did it with them getting married and her dying. Well, this is Jenny with AIDS. Right. She died. She died up. Yeah, for AIDS. Jakes never confirmed for we did a whole thing at the Forrest Gump. We think it was probably. Yeah. I was there for that pod. Just watch it. That's right. Jake Steiner said, if I could bet on when LeBron James plays his last professional game of basketball, well, what would the odds be for him to retire in 2028? But after the Summer Olympics gold medal game. Oh, interesting. Two more years plays for the Olympic team. Does the last year is the farewell tour and then the Olympics is the last moment. The question is, do you want 43 year old LeBron James involved in our gold medal game? This is going to be the greatest Olympics basketball ball time. Wow. This could be a house gets divorced. Olympics. I don't know how you don't come out for all the basketball. For like two and a half weeks with that. I mean, there's ways to do that and stay married. I feel like. Okay, good. That was a good answer. But wow, I do love the idea of LeBron having something to do with that team. I really do love it. Um, huge fan of the pod. I'm this is from Darren. I'm a diehard miserable Mets and Nets fan. As a Mets fan, there's a Jalen Brown comp staring us in the face. Pete Alonzo consistently went on the top RPI guys in the league. The metric geeks, I'll think he's not worth the big money and Mets let him go. Paid all these other guys. All of them got hurt in this time and can't do what Pete did at the player on the field. The only thing that makes this comp perfect is if the Celtics shit the bed. Please know David Stern would have made this Jalen Brown trade in a heartbeat. That made me feel worse. Just just no question. Wait, what does that mean? David Stern would have made the Jalen Brown trade. He's the Mets guy. Yeah. Saying like it as the Pete Alonzo. Oh, um, Dan Fehe from the North End thinks that sliding doors for the whole Celtics trading JB saga is not Tatum getting the Achilles injury. But poor Zingas getting the mystery illness. Okay. In the second half of 2025, which led to them not being able to beat the Knicks. Right. And then Tatum getting hurt in game four. Okay. And if poor Zingas is healthy, maybe less minutes on Tatum. And maybe that is the biggest point to it. There was something to this theory. I do like it. Andy, well, there's a couple more quick ones. Andy from QC. I forgot to mention this to you before the draft about the QC. Where's QC? QC Philippines. Oh, phenomenal. Hello, Philippines. He wants to know why we didn't make the bands, the Batsa Lembias connection. And ironically, AJ was the one that made it. I don't see it. I don't feel like they're, I don't, I don't see the comparison. But I, I see it. Yeah. The way they, they, they present. I'll say this with, with no disrespect intended in any way, shape or form towards my guy AJ. Bias was a much more physical player and he, he, he could bully guys. We didn't see that version. AJ might grow into his body and get there. Right. But, but I mean, Bias was a beast on the block. He was capable of, you know, creating advantage out of sheer physicality. And AJ, again, he's not there yet. It's so funny that he was both our favorite college players, but we didn't know each other yet. And you had even bigger ties than because of his Maryland. I mean, I was going to games at Cole Fieldhouse at the, at the, at the University of Maryland. Like it's a top five NBA would have to brutal. Alex wants to know, he said his basketball group chats have in the following conversation. How many years would Seth Curry have to play to be considered the better Curry brother? Like from right now, um, assuming he maintains his doubt, maintains his doubts level splits. 11 points a game, 43 % three points. How many years have played before the sheer overwhelming numbers of his career become unassailable? 40 more years. If he was hooping at 85, does he not become the best Curry? His people come up with these. It's amazing. I was going to say poor Seth Curry. Fuck that. He's had an incredible run. Yeah, I'd still think he'd have to go to 85. Jay from Halifax, Nova Scotia said the big fondue was a great wimbee name, but can't believe we didn't go with the chokeman shore. Munshore. Yeah. I saw the chokeman shore was out there. I saw that. I enjoyed it. Sockray blue. All right. Two more. And then we're done from Chanson, Oregon, your segment explaining truck Robinson and world be free on a recent meal bag was my favorite five minutes of the pod this year. As a millennial NBA junkie, it's hard to get the proper sense of good, but perhaps not great players for previous eras. You can piece together YouTube with competitive basketball reference. Please make this a regular segment. He lists a whole bunch of guys. He said, so many dudes. I'm on the cusp of understand their careers. Pick a guy each week you find fascinating. First guy he mentioned was Gus Williams. Yeah. And I'm happy to do 90 seconds on Gus Williams with you right now. 1979 champs, best guy in the team. I have him as the unofficial playoff MVP for 1979. 26 .7 points a game in the playoffs that year. He was fifth MVP in 82. He was all NBA once, second team all day once, 13 twice. He played in the 78 finals, best guy on that team, 79 championship, 80 Eastern Conference Finals and held out in the 81 season, which I talked about in my book. He had an agent named Howard slusher who held them out because he was underpaid and basically cost him a really important year of his prime. He was the best point guard in the league house from 1978 to 1982. So this is a five year span and then magic took it or yeah, and then magic took the torch. Lost to history because this was the lowest point in the history of the league, right? In terms of it's exposure. It's the place that it occupied, the league occupied and the American consciousness. So Gus Williams really lost to history. When you say a guy the average, what did you say? 20, 26 .7 for the playoffs, no threes. There are no threes in the NBA. Look at the scores of the of those basketball games and think about how good he had to be in terms of of inside outside. And he was an incredible long -range shooter. Like he would have been awesome if with the three point line. Yeah, he was and then the next year he was 24 game in 15 playoff games. That team was Portland should have been the best team of that era. And then one got hurt. And then Seattle basically was and they couldn't. The real problem is Dennis Johnson, who I loved obviously, but I think was a little prickly Gus Williams. They there's a date. It turned into a little bit of a like a worse version of the Jalen Jason thing. Then I'm trading Dennis Johnson in Phoenix for Paul Westfall, who plays that one year and then gets hurt. And then Gus ends up eventually in your team for two years, Washington. I remember. But wasn't really the same version of himself at that point. But yeah, I think I think he was the best pointer in the league for a five -year stretch with Jane Nuffin and the games weren't on. I think he's somebody he was he was a classic bald guy with a beard. Almost looked like an actor could dunk on dudes would do the thing where he would go hard to the basket and wait for the big guy to come challenge it and kind of wait a second and dunk on the guy. I loved his game. He was one of my favorite good basketball cards. Was really never on TV unless they were in the playoffs though. That's the point, right? I don't think they showed Seattle era. That era that you just mentioned when we think of him as the best point guard in the league. 49 .5%, 48 .2%, 48 .6%, 47 .7%. From the field, this fucking guy. That's a bucket. That's a bucket right there. He's really good. He was fast. There was always like those were the point cards that are kind of have gone away now. Those John Lucas, Norm Nixon, Gus Williams, like these Kevin Porter, these fast guys. That's a great one. Who is our closest in modern basketball? Like right now? Yeah, because I it's not brought. I don't think we have the wrong guy because I mean it's a scorer. Yeah, I would say because these guys that impetus is more to score, but like I feel like somebody like a cuff could be like that, but it's it's like it's the interests are more for him to shoot, right? But I'm going to think on this. Who's a modern equivalent of Gus Johnson? Gus Williams. Williams. Yeah, he Dennis Johnson. It's he he was like a prototype though for those shooting point guards, basically. He was never like a high as this guy. Anyway, I love him. Go check out his YouTube. Last question for Brandon Richter. He said 20 years ago in the mailbag, I wrote to you about instances in which day drinking before 10 a .m. is acceptable. And he attached the image. Okay. For my old page two column. Wow. Yeah, he made it. And he said, today, the day before the next first ever ticket, ticker tape parade, I email you wondering if you need to update the list because this seems like a reasonable excuse for early morning beverage. I've been saving this email for you because nobody loves day drinking more than Joe House. So, Especially morning drinking. So when I answered this in 2005, I said, here's my official when it's okay to drink before 10 a .m. list. Great. While attending football, tailgates, college reunions are the Boston marathon. Okay. Three winners. Yeah, good. During your final two weeks of college. For sure. Absolutely. Because you're proud. There are many instances where you haven't gone to bed. Yes. Drinking because you're drinking. I'm not going to bed. I just stay up. Oh, look, it's sun. That's the sunrise. Oh, let's toast to that. During any Vegas trip or bachelor party or guys only golf outing. A lot of a lot of time where you lose track of time. The sun goes down. The sun comes back up. If you pulled an all -nighter and haven't left a strip club yet. That's in there. Again, this is 2005 me. Sorry. I apologize in bits before any wedding that starts at 1 p .m. Anytime your in -laws are visiting. Any morning. Any morning when it's below 10 degrees. This is a good one. I don't know how I came up with this. Big list. If you're dating an actress and just attended a movie premiere during which she had a graphic sex scene with someone on a 50 -foot movie screen. In 2005. I don't know how I came up with that. While living in any town in Canada that's farther than 75 miles from Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Vancouver. Vancouver. If you've been writing for a late -night talk show for more than two years. I think that was a joke about writing for Jimmy's show. If your name is Jack Nicholson. Before your fantasy football draft. If you're trying to get the ball rolling so some of your other buddies get plastered. I actually used to do this. There's always one guy who got married too soon and falls for it. And then I have a mean vin banger joke that I'm not going to repeat. Because he actually had wishes. That was a way meaner in 2005. What are the other reasons that I didn't put in there? Well, you touched on it briefly. You said the ticker tape parade goes in. But really many rounds of golf. Many, many, many rounds of golf. A Bloody Mary on the golf course or a Bloody Mary as you head over to the first tee. That's a pretty tried and true staple. That really lands for sure. I had two more that as we got older I thought of. Okay, both of them all Bloody Bears. Because I wasn't really a Bloody Mary guy in my early mid 30s. The Bloody Mary the next day when you're hungover. Yeah. I just think is important and somewhat life changing. And I think you might have even introduced me to it. You were my wife. You were good. Two suspects. And then on the plane. Oh, the great call. Amazing call. I didn't sleep enough last night. I just want to have one drink to get me a little bit more tired. So I can sleep a nice little Bloody Mary. And then I get a little sleepy. Or is the rev up to I'm going to this destination. I want to be loose. Going to start drinking now. The six a .m. Flight to Vegas cross country. And you start drinking on the flight at like 10 30. I'm on vacation vacation starts when my ass is in the plane seat. Can I bring you some champagne? Yes, you can. Well, there's also better alcohol now that they have like my daughter drinks this. I forget what it's called, but it's bottles and it's iced tea and lemonade with something in it. There's a lot of those out there. Yeah. She likes one of them. High noon surfside surfside that's what she. Surfside is very. But people have those and they feel like they're not drinking, but they're actually drinking. Yeah, they're definitely drinking. It's definitely nice. One of those over a couple of ice that that's a drink that I'll drink on the golf course at eight forty five in the morning. Oh, I've just played seven holes. Let me get a drink. You're most of your day drinking and robots around golf. And so yes, before the round during the round and after the round. I don't understand how you're able to play golf when you have drinks in you. Well, I mean, first of all, I suck. So that's one piece of it is there a point where you feel like you're getting better and then you get worse. Sometimes it does create, you know, the taking the pressure off, whatever you're sort of feeling about your game up to that point. There's an element of that to it. And I mean, everything's within moderation. Let's just be real. I'm not I'm not out there. You know, trying to make walking up the 18th fairway. That's not the goal. Well, plus it's hot. You got to be. Hot. Could be hot. We're all be careful. Don't want to end up, you know. Having the ambulance come to the Mexican restaurant patio, because I was out there for five hours, drinking a dozen highnoons. Trying to avoid that. Trying to avoid that. Forgot about that one. All right, house. Have you been enjoying bed in the World Cup? I mean, we haven't I'm going to knock on wood. I don't want to say I have been enjoying it. We've been pretty good. That's what I'll just leave it at that. Just been I was doing great. And then I let my heart carry me with you as first Belgium. Did you not head out of that? I should have, I should have. I didn't. You didn't have 24 to one. Now. Did you tell America that you had a 24 to one ticket, a four leg parlay and the first three legs hit? Yeah. And then you even put into the thread, the hedge, and the bundle told you just wait until after it was Spain was the third leg. Right. And then you were set up for a perfect hedge. Spain won in regular time. An amazing hedge. It would have been a giant dinner for you. I thought it was bad for you. This is why I'm stupid. But this is why I'm stupid. Oh my God. It's freaking USA soccer. I'm sorry. So such thing is bad karma. They think they put a 38 year old dude with a man bun. This is the thing. I'm not going to go do the rant. I do understand where everybody's coming from in terms of the rebuttals to the idea that our best athlete. If we had our best athletes, we'd be better. And then there's a lot of rebuttal or there's a different thing to it. The skill set developing the skill set. I do feel like I asked this on the pod this week. Where would you put Tim Reem in terms of American athletes right now? I'll give you the over under 5 ,000 fucking athletes in the United States of America. Is this guy inside the top 5 ,000 US athletes at the moment or no? See, I don't blame Tim Reem because I don't think he probably even deep down wonders why he's the sweeper when he's 38 years old. He's 30 years old and he was our best guy to be one of our three guys who we have back to stop all bad things that can happen against the best countries in the world. So this is the problem when you win guys say, well, there's a fair rebuttal, like there's the skill set that gets developed, whatever. This dude's 38 freaking years old. He's a bad man, but the 6 '4 guy from Belgium just jumped over him. Like what? Well, the other issue is I went back. I was going through. I was bummed out after we lost. I was going through the 2002, the run they had where they beat Mexico and then Mexico started cheap shouting everybody in the last 15. It's unbelievable. One guy has like a flying headbutt like he's in blood sport. Vasquez gets kicked out, but then we lose to Germany on a handball play. We lose one nothing. We actually score a goal that hits the German guys arm and they don't call it. It would have been called the goal now with the with the VAR. We lose one nothing, but that was, you know, when we talk about like best American teams, that's clearly the best team we've had. That team was actually like, you know, going toe to toe. But when you think about the reasons they're going toe to toe, they had a bunch of tough motherfuckers in that team. And that's what when I think about like the World Cup, I've been watching all these other teams how feisty everybody is now. There's a nasty side to these things. Did you feel like we had a nasty side? Because I didn't say that at all. We have some great tough athletes. I think, but do we have do we have nasty dudes? Freeman, who do you who do you want to be nasty? I'm just saying like we need to send our team to nasty camp. Because all these other teams, they're pulling arms. They're pulling jerseys. They're throwing elbows. They're starting shit there. So this is the challenge, right? This is the physicality you're describing. We've seen this. This is why there is, you know, this instinct to go to what if we got our our better athletes out there, our athletes that are stuffy athletes, it's the it's the style. But when you it's my eyes, when my eyes see. To me, I think it right fall down every time somebody touches him. I've seen I've been watching fucking football. I've been watching college football. I mean, you know, these guys don't get tipped over. They don't get knocked off the ball. Jamie Brunson got knocked down. He just gets up and he's like this tough little dude. And also can't get really knocked off the ball. Right. There's plenty of physicality and he can't get knocked off of it. That dude, that's the fuck is that guy? Well, I was thinking the 2022 finals that we went to those games were your Celtics. And the word is basically big boy. The Celtics and the Celtics kind of didn't know how to fight back and got pushed around and all. That's kind of what the US is like in the World Cup every four years. Feels like these teams, Belgium big boyed us, you know. Well, then and then Trump danced us in the locker room after the game like that. So I got it. It's not just that Tim Reem, obviously they had some holes. There was, you know, some speed on the sides and then can we can we get an awesome somebody who's a stopper? I mean, upon reflection, we had we were sort of lulled into a misunderstanding around what this team's true caliber potential, you know, the true especially. Yeah. When you when you hear like people like the Bondo and CR and these people that watch Premier League and La Liga and all these dudes and these other teams have all these guys that, you know, like that number 10 on Belgium who's on Arsenal and is awesome. I don't watch a lot of Arsenal, but they have all these dudes who have been in just big games all year. Right. And our guys, you know, so I don't know. There was a little bit of an optical illusion. I still enjoyed the ride. I had a great time. Really fun, enjoyed and thorough. But yeah, it's it's this is probably where we're going to max out all the time around around to 16. Maybe so. Unless we get some. I'm okay with it. I'm only interested once every four years. And how's good luck with the bonds on Peterson? Big night tonight. I hope you guys show up. Thanks for. He's going to show up. I, you know, Peterson's going to look awesome. Everybody get prepared for that. All right. I'll talk to you this week. Thanks buddy. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to house. Thanks to Gao and Eduardo. As always, don't forget Ali rewatchables that is up. She's the one and hits are the next two coming. And I will see you at some point on Sunday live on Netflix. Enjoy the rest of the week. MD gambling help .org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma .org or call 800 -327 -5050 for 24 seven support Massachusetts or call 877 -8. Hope and why or text hope and why in New York for Louisiana. Call 877 -770 -7867. This message is brought to you by Mariner. It takes the right team to help develop an athlete's talents. Managing your money works the same way. Have you ever thought am I getting the most out of my financial plan? You're ready for Mariner with Mariner. You get an advisor back by a full team of specialists. So everything's working together toward your goals. Take the next step in your financial journey with Mariner. Investment advisory services offered through Mariner LLC and SEC registered investment advisor. For more information visit mariner .com. For adults with Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis symptoms, every choice matters. Tramphia offers self -injection or intravenous infusion from the start. Tramphia is administered as injections under the skin or infusions through a vein every four weeks followed by injections under the skin every four or eight weeks. If your doctor decides that you can self -inject Tramphia, proper training is required. Tramphia is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active Crohn's disease and adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. Serious allergic reactions, increased risk of infections or lower ability to fight them and liver problems may occur. Before treatment, get checked for infections and tuberculosis. Tell your doctor if you have an infection, flu -like symptoms or need a vaccine. Explore what's possible. Ask your doctor about Tramphia today. Call 1 -800 -526 -7736 to learn more or visit tramphiaradio .com.
