This episode is brought to you by Accenture. When you're advertising operations fall out of sync, everything else follows. Spotify and Accenture are working together to reinvent the rhythm of ad sales, using automation, analytics, and smarter workflows to simplify campaign delivery and access better data across the business. The result? Less time spent on operations? More time connecting brands with the moments and fandoms that matter most. Learn more at Accenture .com slash Spotify. As soccer takes center stage this summer, Comcast helps bring the experience home to America. As the exclusive Spanish language home of the tournament in the U .S., Telemundo is set to present its most expansive coverage ever. 700 hours of programming, live on site presence at all 104 matches, and with multi -view and real -time 4K, Xfinity will deliver the most innovative and immersive sports viewing experience for fans watching on Telemundo, Peacock, Fox, and FS1. Learn more at comcastcorporation .com Are your ad campaigns lighting up the dashboard, but not the pipeline? That's bullspend, and marketers are calling it out in dashboard confessions. My boss asked for results, so I opened my dashboard for the only positive -sounding metric I had. Impressions. Cut the bullspend. See revenue? Not just reach. LinkedIn delivers the highest return on ad spend of major ad networks. Advertise on LinkedIn. Spend $250 on your first campaign and get a $250 credit. Go to LinkedIn .com slash campaign. Turn sick edition supply. You are listening to the Dan Leberter Show in partnership with the Draftkin Sports App. Now live in all 50 states. Ah, yes. Good morning, everyone. It is a Friday. We did everybody. We made it a Friday. That's right. Give it up for Friday. Everybody loves a Friday. What kind of person does it like Friday? What a crew we got here today. Roy and Jeremy and Tony and Mike. I don't know if this crew has ever worked together yet. We'll find out. Dave. Dave is here as well. Hello, Dave. How are you? Well, I'm doing all right as well as can be expected. I can't see that it's Friday because of the Canadian wildfires. I mean, Pittsburgh PA, don't you know? And boy, it is apocalyptic here. Alright, so what does that mean? Because I am hearing about, like, you go outside and is the sky like a different color? Yes, it's orange. And, you know, it's obviously 9 a .m. and it's orange outside. But also, when you walk out, it smells like fire. We're not, we're nowhere close to Canada where I sit right now. The air stinks of fire. It's wild. Alright, but can we make sure everything's clear for Sunday afternoon for the World Cup? Are we going to be good there, Mike? It's supposed to rain and clear out some of that smoke. Good. But yeah, I mean, Dan. Smoke out of Mike. Dan's happier than picking shit knowing that climate change has come to the World Cup Final. Why don't we just take, you know, the brand Big -Ass fans? They haven't met all the stadiums. They're literally called Big -Ass fans. Why don't you take a bunch of Big -Ass fans, right? And we put them on one side of the stadium and we all kick them on. That's great. And then it just blows that way. Yeah. And try to blow the smoke the opposite way. Yeah, hurricanes. It's too far. It's too far. That's what I'm saying. So we got a lot to get to here today. The biggest news. I mean, I know there's World Cup, there's climate change, but let's get to serious stuff here. Right across the street at Casea Center. Tony, you were there yesterday, right? I was in the building. Yep. I was in the building. Giannis, Bobby Portis, getting introduced number seven and number 95. Jeremy was also there in all the luminaries of the Miami sports media scene where they're in the building. I didn't have to go because they come to me, you know, I suppose so. We'll get to that coming up. All right. But what do you got for us here? Do we have some, we have something from you from your, your adventures yesterday at the arena? Obviously, as you guys know, I've been all in on the heat this week, went to junior camp, got the invite there, hopefully moving over to camp, coming up in, you know, in the, in earlier part of August and September, try to get to real camp. But I was able to schmooze enough to get into the Giannis press conference. I'm going to see if I can get a question answered. So we put a little package together to see if the boy could get in there and get a question for number seven. All right. A huge day in heat history. We're introducing Giannis at the Kupo and Bobby Portis. We just heard Bobby talk. Giannis is coming up next. We're going to go get some food. Go, go look around the, the arena a little bit and then come back. This little Mediterranean spread. It's the perks of being in the media, you know, you get, you get certain things. The food is one of them. We've been graciated ourselves with the heat. Obviously, some of the lead over in Vegas. I've proven myself that junior camp, now I can get real camp, because we're trying to build things, try and get a Giannis interview, one on one. I feel like we're close. Right now, I'm going to do a little bit of eating, probably a little bit more schmoozing after this, and hobnobbing to see if we can land a Giannis interview. Welcome again, everybody. I just want to recognize a few people. First, Mariah, his wife. Over here next event. Anybody have a question for me or as well? If you'll answer it, then we get out of this way and you can alter yourself. That'd be good. Everybody. Tim. Hey coach. Ever since you got... Hopefully, hopefully, you know, the player that I am. I can feel it, I think. My name is Mariah. I'm in the police. I've been with Bobby. I think six or seven years now. We want the championship together. Okay, that's all. Spiny, anything else? We're good. Thank you guys. Thank you. Tony, why wouldn't they give you the microphone? I don't know. Nick, my boy over there. I was trying to get him, you know. Hey, over here. Look over here. Now... What's all the other luminaries? When Giannis walked into the... It was set up in the lower bowl for the listening audience. It was set up in the lower bowl and the media is seated right in front. Now, who was the loudest of those media members who was cheering for Giannis when he walked in? Little unprofessional, if I may add. Who was the loudest of the media members? I heard somebody screaming from up north and where do you live? I'm in Cooper City. Cooper City, I heard somebody from Cooper City. Yeah, very unprofessional. It's shouting for Giannis when he walks in there. I did see this video yesterday because heat junior camp is going on right now and they brought Giannis, I guess, after he met with the media. They brought him into the practice court to surprise the junior heat campers because every week part of the perks with the heat junior camp is you get a player who comes by. But the timing is always awful because it's the summertime and, you know, the players aren't here. So no offense, but like, hey, everyone, welcome. Cascia Johnson, you know, and like, that's who the kids all get to take a picture with, you know. It's not bam. It's someone who's there the whole summer. It's not a star. When I was there as a kid, Duane Wade was drafted and so they brought in the new rookie. That's awesome. Duane Wade and we all got to take pictures and he like did a bunch of dunks for everyone. That's also going crazy. It was him and Dorell Wright were the two that I remember meeting. That's awesome, but that's super rare. So rare. You don't get the good players because they're not in town. But Giannis walked in and surprised everyone and he took questions with the kids. It was that that was pretty awesome. Could I shut up on Monday when I was there? I don't know. I don't know what to tell you. Yeah, I mean, that's really the question. So the kids got to talk to Giannis and a lot of media people talk to Giannis. The only person down there who didn't, Tony, am I right about that? But Jeremy Tashade didn't talk to me either. That was by choice. What exactly? What the hell happened there? What was that whole thing we just sat through? That minute long video we just saw was primarily Tony eating food and not talking to Giannis? What was so difficult? It was a press conference where you were supposed to ask questions. I know. You're the press. Why didn't you get in a question? There was people that were more pressing to get to. I mean, this is a failure. And I think we're doing it. I agree. I agree. Complete failure. Complete failure. Okay. All right. As long as we can. I just want to keep things open and honest here. I don't want to just breeze past. By the way, the video was not primarily meeting food. There was two seconds of me possibly eating food. What discussion about you getting food? Would you would you call yesterday? I mean, so it's a failure. You were going to leave. Like you couldn't shoehorn a question in for Giannis. That one guy tried to. I don't know. Jeremy, if you were there, one guy tried to do it without the mic. Sheldon Fox. Sheldon Fox almost got taken out of the building. It was so funny. It was so funny because it's, you know, he's used to sort of the new. Sheldon Fox. Conferences. Yeah. And he's like a great news report. He might be my favorite news reporter in the market because he understands that he's dramatic. Like he knows how outlandish he's wore so bizarre. All right. What I'm looking for. Sheldon Fox's bio would continue. Okay. Long story short, he tried to do it without a mic when they opened the floor for questions. And then all of a sudden they were like, no, Mike's only great description. That's what they did. I want to hear. Okay. So I want to hear from Giannis because one of the, one of the things I think is interesting when a player is acquired by the Miami Heat is the first conversations that they have with Pat Riley. So here's Giannis. And when I was younger, I told him, I said, when I was younger, we had to practice. I shared and I went to your office and I was like, stopping around, you know, to kind of see what the great Pat Riley was about because his office right there next to the court. But you know, we had the conversation. I told him, I'm excited. I'm going to work hard and I'm going to do whatever I can for the team to respect and you guys culture and history and hopefully I can leave a mark here. And we are hopefully turned out for the best and not hopefully it will turn out for the best. I find him and look, full disclosure, I'm going to be super biased now toward Giannis. All right. That's just the way it is. It's okay for me to be hypocritical about my fandom, Dave, because I'm completely self aware of the hypocrisy. All right. Like, I'm going to be very pro Giannis now and I'm going to like the things that come out of his mouth. So I think my hypocrisy is okay as long as I, as long as I admit to it, right? I guess so. First of all, I think a lot of people have seen the video or heard the Argentinian play by play guy on the go ahead goal the other day and how you for it. That wasn't how great that was and how that added to the moment, even retrospectively to hear that. It was great stuff. Of course, you can be a homer. If you want to be, I, I, I do have to say that, although I didn't hear anything in that remark that was remarkable, but I'm not biased as you are. I do have to say as an outsider, what the hell's going on down there with this heat culture business that requires incoming superstars to change their numbers. LeBron, what he flipped, obviously, the number six when he arrived in Miami and now Giannis is doing the same thing with number seven. What, what, what in the hell? And by the way, call me an old man, but changing your number during your career dings your legacy. It makes it hard to, to give you one more layer of things that's hard to sort of categorize and quantify, right? I don't know. I, I kind of, well, as far as Giannis changes number, I kind of liked what his explanation was where he was saying that he, he's 34 in Milwaukee. That version of Giannis stays in Milwaukee. I'm starting something new here. So I'm number seven, like as far as LeBron change in his number, I can't speak to that, but I, I get what Giannis was doing there and I thought that was very respectful, if anything, you know, about his time in Milwaukee. But of course, you're also referencing like there have been other players too who have changed their numbers when they come to Miami. But specifically, I'll tell you Dave, I got, I got a DM from someone yesterday in regards to LeBron and where like, if LeBron comes to the heat, what's his number going to be? Because all right, he's only worn two numbers in his career, number 23, which has been retired by a few teams in the league, including the Miami Heat because of Michael Jordan. And number six, which is retired across the entire league because of Bill Russell. So if the heat signed LeBron, I have no idea what number he's going to do. Who even, who, they're this heat culture that you're so proud of apparently means so little that you just decided when you revealed Giannis to the world that, that now you no longer wear red and orange. Now you're pink. That's, that's it. We're just making it. We've decided this is the new direction of your proud organization. All right, friends, you guys know what a big fan I am of Quince. I'm constantly wearing their clothes. I've told you about it. I've got pants. I've got shirts. And it's what's in my wardrobe as I make an effort, okay, making an effort matters. And it's why I've been leaning on Quince, particularly as we head into these summer months because you need to have stuff that's fit for the season. They're 100 % European linen shirts and pants are breathable, lightweight, and perfect for the summer. I recently picked up one of their linen shirts. It's sky blue. It's awesome. It's become a piece that I am constantly throwing on without even thinking about it because it looks good on camera, but also it's comfortable when I'm running around all day and it works whether I'm at the studio or heading somewhere else for work. Everything at Quince is priced 50 to 80 % less than similar brands. Quince has become one of those brands I end up recommending for everything from home goods to travel essentials. So make your summer wardrobe easier. Go to quince .com slash Dan for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. Now available in Canada too. That's quince .com slash Dan for free shipping and 365 day returns quince .com slash Dan. You can always tell when a new business trend shows up because suddenly everyone starts talking like they invented it. Right now it's AI. Every company says they have an AI strategy. Every consultant says they have an answer. Meanwhile, most businesses are still out here trying to figure it all out. And that's why there's NetSuite Next. You probably already know about NetSuite the AI powered business management suite trusted by more than 43 ,000 customers. It securely connects your financials, inventory, commerce, HR, and CRM into a single source of truth. But NetSuite Next takes it even further. AI is built into everything you do. It's services custom insights throughout your day. AI agents help solve problems and handle routine work. And when you have a question, you can simply ask it like you're talking to a colleague. NetSuite is customized for a wide range of industries. So it supports the way your business works. Whether your company earns millions or even hundreds of millions, it's time for NetSuite Next, where your business meets AI. For the first time ever, you can try NetSuite Next for free. If your revenues are at least seven figures, go to netsuite .ai slash dlb. So my schedule gets a little chaotic this time of year, most days I'm here at the Metal Arc Studios and then I'm heading straight to another broadcasting or hosting gig. And especially in this Miami Heat, it's insane, and not the Miami Heat, but the Miami Summer Heat. I've been trying to keep at least one healthy habit consistent. And that's why I've been bringing Kachava's new travel packs with me. It's one last thing I have to worry about, which is great because I'm already spending enough mental energy figuring out what shirt is acceptable to wear on camera or hosting or on the show that I'm not going to get made fun of for. So I just throw one in my backpack and I've got an all -in -one nutrition shake ready whenever I need it. It's packed with plant -based protein, fiber, vitamins and minerals, greens, probiotics, electrolytes, and more. So even when my schedule is all over the place, I know I'm getting something good in, it tastes great, it's easy to take anywhere, and there are no fillers, no nonsense. Take your daily ritual with you. Go to kachava .com and use codan for 15 % off your first order. That's 15 % off your first order. That's kachava, K -A -C -H -A -V -A .com. Codan. Down Levatar. Jessica thinks you're pathetic, I saw the look on her face, it can never be the lane to victory mat. I know. I think Jeremy's pathetic. Jeremy just - You should hear him back here. It's so sad. It's the most absurd theater kid basketball analysis line that I've ever heard from him. Jeremy Tache. My dad was talking about the adjustments that Spo made and criticizing him last night and Jeremy just back here. His adjustments were spectacular. It's just like they lost, they're down 0 -2. This is the damn Levatar show. I'm with Dave on this one. Just the whole Nike strategy when it comes to NBA uniforms is maddening. I like turning on a TV and knowing who's home in a world. I'm so with you. I'm so with you. You're at home in the NBA? You're where white. You're where white. You're on the road? Dark Unis. You're where color's on the road. Yeah. Occasionally mix up the alternate on the road. I can't - Lakers, we get the - Right. We get you. They're great father. The Lakers home goal. Yeah. That's okay. Gold is closer to white than it is to the away. Yeah. I'm totally with you. Matter of fact, it took me a long time to get used to this in hockey because in hockey, they used to wear home white colors on the road. They flipped that, I don't know, like 15 years ago, something like that, maybe 20 years ago. That took a little bit getting used to. I still - Well, it was actually flipping back. I've talked, I've taken my concerns, the same concerns to one Gary Bettman. I did this about 20 years ago, and he said that way back, the home team wore the color jersey. Oh, okay. And he said, I'm going back to that tradition. And I said to him, who do you think is alive at this point that remembers that day? Yeah. The home whites, and the reason you do it, of course, is because you, if you're a season ticket holder or a regular attendee at the arena, it's nice when the road team comes in and they go out under the ice, some of my memories of seeing the buffalo saber skate out in their electric blue with those gold socks and everything striking stuff. Now it's the same team over and over again. I mean, like, it's another team right out there in another white jersey. What gives? It's terrible. I've never thought of it like that. You're 100 % right. Every team that comes into your building is wearing the same white. That's boring as hell. So look at the red wings. Look, head to toe. Look at them in that in that glorious red and white, what, what uniforms these are. It was a different experience every night at the rink. I know. I know the heat, the NBA. They're not going to like me saying that the NBA is going to be really mad at me. Sometimes they have conversations. You know what Zaslow said? The heat in the NBA, they're going to be really mad at me. But I hate all the different jerseys. I hate all the different Jersey colors. And even with the heat, look, I mean, whatever, they're going to be mad like the mishmosh and just terrible. Looking back. Whenever they do decide that this was a bad approach, we're going to look back at these NBA finals and say, what are we doing? The Knicks were wearing blue at home during the NBA finals. Yeah, it's all wrong. Yeah, the heat. That's absolutely right. I think the heat should go back to the OG uniforms, the original home uniforms. Those are hot as hell. That's right. White hot is the part of our franchise's history. Hot as hell, those jerseys, the original white with the with the big block letters. The block lettering. I love hygiene on just one side. Come on. Interesting. Close my eyes and visualize the pogo man, Mark Strickland. Don't say it. It's fascinating. Was that the junior camp? Oh, yeah. I said, what's up to him? Man, pogo man. No way. Yeah. It was Mark Strickland, G -Money. Pogo man. Hopped. Maybe we could get Tony to go over there and not tell Pat Riley about our decision here. I could do that. Yeah. You were good at it. We saw you were good at doing nothing sitting there while Janice. I talked to Bobby Portis. Well, Janice. Did you get him first? Well, that's for Zaz to say. He's his show. So, I'm sitting around waiting for Bobby Portis yesterday for my timed spot, okay? Two o 'clock. Two o 'clock. You were here in this studio. No, no. I went home to the Zazlo Mansion Network Studios. All right. The flagship studio. I went home to the Zazlo Mansion Network Studios. And I signed. Presented by DraftKings Sports. Now available in all 50 States. I'm punctual, okay? I'm there. I'm ready. I'm signed. I don't need to go across the street to the arena. They're going to come to me. They're going to sign on. They're going to set up a computer. They're going to get on my stream. And Bobby Portis going to be there at 2 p .m. And a few minutes before 2 p .m. I'm about to get Bobby. He's like wrapping up whatever he was doing there. Whatever other spot. I text Tony. So I came in. I got Bobby coming up in a couple of minutes. You get him yet. And Tony said he got him 30 minutes ago. You know, they got a word for that, Zaz. It's a little disappointing. Yeah. I had more time with them, too. You know that word that they got for that? Don't say it, man. Don't say it. All I'm saying is I got him on time. You did. I got him on time. I got him early. Stop making that. Stop doing that. You stop doing that right now. You stop doing that. He's spilling. Should I say it? Don't ever say that about me. Two things that everybody knows about me. Number one, I'm not a clock number two. I'm always on time for my interviews. And so I was on time yesterday, I'm waiting for Bobby Portis and Tony already got him. I was sitting waiting and watching you on your iPad. What? I was watching you. And I was sitting there like, oh, usually he's the one that watches. I know, but I had already finished. And I went. Hey, wait. I had already finished. Hey, whoa, whoa. So I show up and I'm like, oh, look at Zaz. You know that the Simpsons meme where it's, I don't know what the guy's name is, he looks down and says pathetic. That's what I was looking at you like, pathetic. Look at him waiting there. There's twiddling his thumbs and checking Twitter and seeing, hey, is Bobby Portis going to show up? I was about to unmute and put the camera on. And then six people attacked me, like monsters, Inc. and like held me back. Yeah, they know not to have with me. Took the iPad and took it to another part of the room. That's right. And I was like, wow, Zaz has some, some clowns. That's right. Some juice, some juice. That's right. Then I explained to the guy, I was like, hey, I work with Zaz at the Levittard show. Like it's all good. I was just going to mess around with him. He's like, yeah, we don't know who you are. He's like, no, you can't mess with him. That's right. But then I had 10 minutes of Bobby. So they show me respect. I want to go back to Janis. So, so yes, Tony won. All right. Tony, Tony won the Bobby Portis showdown yesterday. I haven't forgiven Janis yet. Oh, for for everything. Justice behavior this past year. Well, that's why I said, Dave, like, like, I, that's, that's Mike saying he is not forgiven Janis for his behavior this year is why I have no problem pointing out my hypocrisy because I'm okay with it all now because it benefits me. That's what being a fan is. I'm allowed to be hypocritical about it. That's, that's the transaction. If you're, if you're doing things for me, I like you. If you're doing things that are not for me, I don't like you. Yes, I play well. They don't think about it. I still believe so. But, but of course the delusion is, is that this guy who moved over to the US of A from Greece cares as much about the heat as you do Zazlo who's been rooting from them from day one. Of course, we must dilute ourselves on this level. But I want to make Tony feel a little bit better or you, I guess, Zaz, because this happened to me a few years ago. I was waiting at NFL network. Peyton Manning was doing a preseason media tour in eight minute chunks like you were just doing with Portis in eight minute things. And, and I was up next and I hear Peyton Manning on satellite. I'm sitting in the studio waiting for, for my turn with him. And Peyton wraps the last interview and then says to the PR guy seated next to him off camera like, who's next? And you hear the voice say like NFL network and he says, who's doing the interview? And the guy says, Dave damage check and he's like, yeah, lose that one. Oh, for you to hear? For you to heaven. Well, also I once said that when, when Peyton, I don't know if you heard he didn't play his best football in January, you know, because it would get windy out and chilly. He didn't like that. And I pointed that out repeatedly. And he said during the season, one season, he wound up going to the Super Bowl. As a matter of fact, that was the one where the ball got snapped over his head to start the game. But prior to that, somebody asked him, what, you know, where did this narrative come from about that you're not good in the playoffs? And he said, whoever came up with that narrative can stick it where the sun don't shine. So I took a book. I had a book made up that said, uh, Peyton Manning, um, stinks in the playoffs by Dave damage check. And I went at media day and I was like, Peyton, I'm the one who wrote that book on you. Can I take it out and now? And he said, no, keep it up there. So the sheriff, I don't know if you know, he's the sheriff, but, uh, the sheriff considered David outlaw, not worthy of his time. Keep your chin up Tony and Zaz. This happens to me when I'm on ESPN. I'm afraid it's going to happen to me the way it happened to Dave one day where I'm doing a show on ESPN radio and we're at commercial break and I could hear in queue. Like it's how I communicate with the studio there in Bristol. And so I could hear in queue when we have a guest coming up, you know, and so I could hear the producer call calling, dialing the guests and, Hey, how you know, Michael Jordan, it's good. Thanks for coming on the show. You know, I could hear them and they always tell them who you're going to be on with. They don't know who the hosts are. All right. And so say, Hey, you're going to be on with so and so and Jonathan Zaslow. And I could always hear the guests too. I could hear it faintly, but like they're in queue. So I could hear them and I'm always waiting for the time that the guests are going to go. I hate that effing guy. I'm always living Zas. I live for it. Yep. You lived it. You every time they make that call to a guest, I'm waiting for one of them to say some like the guy, the dopey guy from Lebitard hate that guy. I'm waiting for it's liberating Zas. It's liberating. You know, it's not like they say about to and stand up and bombing until you do it. You're like, yeah, I didn't die. I think it's delightful. Like manning gave me the hi hat. Zas, is it worse than that? I lose that one. Is it worse that I effing hate that guy or who? No, no, who's okay? Who's okay? Who's okay? Yes. Like that's I do not care if they have never heard of me. No, no, no, Zas. John Madden and Reggie Jackson parked their cars in the same garage and I'm along with them. What if they ain't booing. They don't know who you are. That's not who you want to be. Yeah. But the people who are booing, you don't then have to talk to for the next 10 minutes. Okay. Like I'd rather them not know who I am than boo me. Well, no, see, I see I am complicated enough with myself esteem that I think that there's a chance that I might win them over in those 10 minutes. So, Janice is talking about LeBron yesterday. You know, everyone now, I guess, is in their comfort zone. We're, look, this decision's about to happen. Let's make our final pitches, right? So here's Janice, given his two cents on what's going on with LeBron. If there was a scenario for that to happen, I'll be very, very excited. It's one of the best players to ever play this game. If not the best, I'll be able to learn so much from him. Obviously, it brings such a championship experience to the team right from day one. I think he's still one of the best players in the, if not top 25, he like he has to be up there. He doesn't see signs of him slowing down at all. He's showing the playoffs how effective and good he was for the Lakers. But I'm just like everybody else. We don't have all the formation. All the formation is in the LeBron James hand and his family hands. And he's going to make the best decision for him. And the history of show that he's always made good decisions for his career. And I hope if he thinks that my name is hit, that's a good decision for him. I would love for him to be here. I think we're going to find out Sunday night. I think we're getting there. Post World Cup. Yeah. Yeah, I think we're going to find out Sunday night. I thought, you know, like we find out Sunday night because World Cup's over by 5. 30 p .m. Eastern. OK. And if he makes the announcement on Sunday night, news drops on Sunday night, you have the very start of the Monday morning news cycle. Like I World Cup's over. There's nothing else going on and you're getting a block on every TV show, starting Monday morning. I think we find out Sunday night and even yesterday, like I thought, remember, I brought up a few days ago, I think there's a chance that he can mention it at Fanatics Fest, you know, yet, well, yesterday, he was at Fanatics Fest and he was on stage with Tyreys Halliburton and, you know, he did a whole spiel where, you know, I'm not going to hold, I'm not going to hold everybody up too much longer. All right. So obviously he did not announce it there. And if he wasn't going to announce it there at Fanatics Fest, which I mean, by the way, this Fanatics Fest, you see the prices. What a racket. Oh, my God. I mean, like it's it's I mean, Dave, Dave, come on. Am I wrong? Is anything wrong? Am I goodness? I saw, I don't know how much it costs to get into Fanatics Fest. It's definitely very expensive. I saw an autograph to stand in line for Jalen Brunson. You know what it costs to get a meet and greet autograph with Jalen Brunson? I don't. I don't. It's a thousand dollars. Sweet Jesus. All right. That seems a little heavy there. You just say, I'm sorry. I laughed. You just never sounded more like an old Jew than you just did for it. No, what a racket. Am I right? Am I right? Tony, you know that moment at a party or a tailgate where everything just sort of clicks. I know it well. It's usually when I show up. Everybody goes crazy. Yeah, you usually take all the credit for it, but it's because Tony usually walks in with Quairvo walking like this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Quairvo is a thing that turns hanging out into this is the night. It has that effect on people. It does. You usually take the credit for it. But again, it's the Quairvo effect. It's like that moment in a big game where everyone in the crowd just starts standing up, hooting and hollering. Keep it Quairvo. Keep it Quairvo, baby. This is my favorite week of the summer sports calendar. The tournament is down to its final matches. Baseball is on every night. The left turns are turning. And every group chat starts with the same question. What are we watching? This is the time of year where my TV barely gets a break and I find myself reaching for that beautiful white can of ice cold, Miller Lite. And I'm going to invite the boys over. No doubt. And everybody knows about the Miller time MVP. Every group has one. The person that gets there early saves a table. That's an MVP. The person who brings a cooler, extra ice, and enough Miller Lite for everybody, MVP. The person who makes sure nobody watches the biggest match of the summer alone. That's a Miller time MVP. Holy cow, folks. Just realize this. I'm a Miller time MVP. Legendary moments start with a Miller Lite and they're made even better by a Miller time MVP, such as moi. We all have that one friend who makes every game better. Now it's time to give them their moment. Head over to any of Miller Lite's social media pages to learn more about being a Miller time MVP. You can pick up some Miller Lite pretty much anywhere they sell beer. It's Miller time. Celebrate responsibly. Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, 96 calories and 3 .2 carbs per 12 ounces. I have a cat. His name is Mac. That's after Mac from Always Sunny in Philadelphia, which means I spend a pretty surprising amount of time trying to impress someone who clearly doesn't respect me at all, which now is something I'm realizing I do both at work and at home. So I got to get that straight, but it's really why I use Chewy. They've got over 100 ,000 products. So whether it's food, treats or a new toy that Mac is going to ignore for three days until he suddenly becomes obsessed with it, they have it. And it shows up in one or two days. I've told you, Chewy is maybe my favorite company that exists. They have prescriptions, pet insurance, telehealth, vet visits, and 24 7 customer service. Plus, if my cat changes his mind, which happens on a near daily basis, Chewy's satisfaction guarantee makes returns easy. I use Chewy, and I'm telling you, you should too. For life with pets, there's Chewy. And right now, you could save $20 on your first order and get free shipping by going to chupanyons .chewy .com slash LebitardShow. That's chupanyons .chewy .com slash LebitardShow to save $20 on your first order with free shipping. Minimum purchase required, new customers only, terms and conditions apply, C -site for complete details. Down Lebitard. Hey, uh, damage check. You know about that jade kiss? Dave, damage check. No, I don't. OK. I figured. This is the Down Lebitard Show. Did you see this so at Fanatics Fest? It's like Comic Con for athletes. All right, for folks who don't know. And it's all kinds of athletes and also wrestlers. WWE Stars is a major thing at Fanatics Fest. And, you know, they have all kinds of like activities for. I know what you're going to. Yeah, yeah. It's a dark day in Cuban American history. They have all kinds of activities for fans, you know, including things like kicking a field goal. All right, kick the football through the field goal posts. So watch this, Dave. This is Cody Rhodes, all right. Former three -time WWE champion. Here's Cody Rhodes taking a stab at kicking a field goal. Watch this, Dave. Yeah. Cody, good luck. Oh, man. That is a tough approach for Cody. It doesn't feel like he wore the right shoes. I don't think I don't think he really thought through. That's the first time you see Cody outside of a pinstripe suit. Right, of course. That's not good. Yeah. No. Yeah. He it's a similar kicking style that we saw him at the at the FIFA station and it's you're not going to get any air on that. No. No, it's tough. Some is running there. So Kevin, what else are you doing at Fanatic's Fest? The cool thing is we're going to be live. Oh my God. All right. I've seen enough. That's your champion? I've seen enough. That's your champion? That's our champion. That is our champion. Cuban American nightmare. I find another champion. I mean, so far now he's about to attempt his fourth try. Does he have a prosthetic way? I mean, the first three tries, Dave, the ball doesn't even get off the turf. It just bounces its way toward the field goal post, which is, I don't know, it's about a 15 yard field goal attempt. But who cares about that? He doesn't even get the ball off the ground. Now, like I said, he's the former WWE champion. He lost the title a few weeks ago. If I'm WWE, I got to have a conversation with Cody on like, you cannot be our champion and out there looking unathletic like that. Mike. Have you seen him shoot hoops too? No. That was a tough look. Tough look. And it's not like in the ring. He's not athletic. This is bad. You can't be the champion. You can't be the heavyweight champion. Well, he's not anymore. I under. Maybe he never should be again. Nope. I'm telling you. That would like to say this as your see this this harkens back to I think we've had the conversation about the great old TV show that would be the best if they would bring it back with superstars, which was they took the greatest stars of our major sports and they did a sort of a decathlon of things, not just running and throwing a javelin. No, it was like par three and ride the bikes and an obstacle course and so on and so forth. We need to go back to that. And I think it's wrote and done this thing of throwing out the opening pitch and evaluating them. I like this update. Now we should see all athletes try to kick a field goal because that was that was That was an atrocity when I just look at his gate. All of wrestling should be ashamed. His gate looked worse than Greg Cody's. All right. So how about this, Dave? You just saw Cody Rhodes. All right. You saw that pathetic attempt, which was worse. Cody Rhodes with that pathetic attempt of a field goal or Greg Cody, who a few days ago, we got video of him taking penalties with his granddaughter in goal. Check this out. Mm hmm. Yeah. We'll get it for you in a second. I want you to imagine it. There it is. Well, I've seen it. Let's rewind it here so Dave could see it again so I could set it up properly. Here is Greg Cody taking a shot against his granddaughter. I mean, go get it. His gate was better. His gate was better. Look how sad Greg Cody is. Look how disappointed he is, Dave. He's a sense of edit. His etiquette were not good that day though. Go get it. Go get you go get it. Oh, no. Because first she yelled, I'm not getting it. Well, I mean, disrespectful, but nevertheless, I think that is the rule, right? Same thing as Wiffleball. If you're the one who hits a foul ball backwards and it goes down the hill, you know, into the into the creek, you're the one who's responsible for going back. That's exactly right. Oh. That's exactly right. For Greg to kick that, go get it. You got to go get it yourself. And that was, by the way, that was Chris Cody yelling at his daughter. No, you go get it. That's right. Like you're going to have to be the one that goes and get it. But but the fact that Greg could kick a ball that wide of the goal and then have the gall to pretend like someone should go get that soccer ball for him. It's a level of disrespect that I can't imagine having for my future grandchild. I agree, but I think this does open up an opportunity to see how all of you look kicking field goals. I think I don't think it's really fair, ultimately, to judge Greg or or the former wrestling guy, Cody Rhodes, whatever his name is. Not former. He's a current, he might be a former wrestler after what we said. He should be. You said champion. I said champion. Okay. I don't know that he's at it anymore. But yes, I would like to see all of you try to make a field goal. And in the meantime, I do have to say, because I took Tony to task slightly good form on the jumper. I did see that when you were at the junior camp and you look pretty good. Thank you. I still want to see the one on one of Tony V. Mike, I don't know if that's not going to work out for me. I'm more of like a team to fundamentals. Yeah. Like I can DM him up and make his life hard. Who is it again, a mixture between Dennis Rodman and Mitchell Robin Mitchell, but prime Dennis Rodman. Yeah, prime. Of course. Right here. Glass. You see this? What is it doing to you? What is that? Purple line down there? Okay, it's just a finger. It doesn't mean anything. Hey, Manning did the make. Jammed it, tufted it out, finished the game, won four and one on the court last week. And today had the sniffles still showed up. Am I the only one who thinks this is remarkable? So Pat Riley, of course, spoke yesterday as Janis was being introduced to the Miami media. And it's a short mention, but here's Riley when he was at, you know, just how like how special it is to be able to get this deal done with Janis. I got a call after about a month of discussion and call came late and he said to me we have a deal and he closed the deal and we both sort of screamed out loud, yeah, we landed the plane. Now there's another one we have to land, but I just want to welcome Janis here. So Clay Thompson, another one we have to land. We landed the plane. Now there's another one we have to land. Dave. It's very exciting. Come on. Come on. I guess so. I don't want to get in the way of your boundless enthusiasm. I'm excited for you. I just do come back to the question. Sorry to be a cynic. But if you add LeBron to that mix. Do you really think that that's a team that can go to the finals? Yes. I don't have the answer. I do have the answer. I do. Yeah. What is it, Mike? I think it's a team that can go to the finals. It's a team that can go to the finals. But something that, you know, this sounds out there now and I watched ESPN chew on it with a bunch of NBA insiders and Brian Windhorse was there and I'm going to chat with Brian Windhorse and he's kind of been warming up to the idea. Yes. Last few days. It's been in what Miami makes sense. And he was the one that posited that, you know, most people are looking at this like it's a one year deal. And is Miami the best equipped to win a championship in this one year in a vacuum? Probably not. They're probably better options. I can see that. Cabs got further than the Miami Heat. But he did mention that this could be a multi year thing. And if it is indeed a multi year thing, that's a horse of a different color because the Miami Heat are well positioned to add to this team beyond this year. Well, on LeBron knows it was my second year in Miami that we made, you know, more moves in and won. If this is more than a one year deal, the prospect of going back to the Miami Heat is a bit sweeter. And when LeBron was talking at Fanatics Fest yesterday about his free agency, he talked about the final years of my career and then was like, you know, maybe a couple of years, maybe a year kind of correcting himself. But it's interesting that he did sort of first by gut say the final years of my career. And look, we all saw it like the guy led a team through a playoff series. It's not, it's not like he's not a great player in the league anymore. Let me hear a little bit more about Riley. This was from ESPN. We've had conversations with Rich and they were very good. So if that happens and you must have come to the 305, we got golf course. Okay. The weather's nice. Steve Kurtz. Same thing down here. And there's no state tax. So that's, that's, that's a little better in California. But anyway, he's got a decision to make and he deserves the time to go play where he wants to play, whether he's going to end his career in a city or there could be another move. But there hasn't ever been an athlete like him as durable as him. And I can only think of one and that was Kareem. That's interesting there because Riley has said many a times, Kareem's the greatest basketball player of all time. That's mighty big of him to allow him to sign anywhere that he wants as an unrestricted free agent. I, I am, I'm a mate like, yes, okay. We've known the heat. Aren't it's because we've been talking about this for a few weeks now, but here in Riley directly talk about LeBron James coming back to the Miami Heat, it's, it's staggering to me, considering how everything, how bad everything ended 12 years ago that Pat Riley there is openly speaking about LeBron coming back to Miami. Going for two when you're up by five, switching the zone when man isn't working. Oh, and building your new stadium in the state, your team actually plays in. In sports, some things just make sense. You know what else makes sense? Drinking Yeagermeister shots, ice cold, drinking it any other way would be like hunting on first down or letting you worse hit her that first or like going for two when you're down three with a second ago. It wouldn't make any sense. So don't let the team down when it comes to Yeagermeister, drink it cold, or drink it at all. Yeagermeister, damn, that's cold. Pretty responsibly, Yeagermeister liqueur, 35 % alcohol by volume, imported by mass Yeagermeister US, White Plains, New York.
