Hey, part of my take listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Prime members can listen ad -free on Amazon music. Academy Award winner JK Simmons stars in the new MGM plus original series, The Westies. There it is, Javitsana. Biggest construction project in the history of New York falls into the Lappity Irish. This Irish crime gang built New York City on blood, sweat, and loyalty. Their legend is true. The Italian job number is about a hundred to one. Their story is criminal. This Irish guy's threatening him more. He's gotta go. Keep out of house kitchen. The Westies watch now, only on MGM plus. On today's part of my take presented by DraftKings, we've got Tahoe Week, chill week, still going on. Larry Fitzgerald on the show, great time with him, got a bet with him. We got a bet going forward with him, but he's a Hall of Fame. We're going in the Hall of Fame this year. And fun time with him. We're going to do the Mount Rushmore of Food Duos or Combinations. Combinations. And we also have Firefest of the Week. And we're going to talk a little sports. Great show. We got some great interviews this week that have come out in the next week and a half. And it's all brought to you by our friends at Twisted Tea. Summer's here and so is the Twisted Summer party pack. Twisted Tea is a refreshing hard ice tea made with real brewed tea and 5 % alcohol. They also have a new summer party pack. It has a brand new Twisted Lemonade. It's a refreshing hard lemonade made with real lemons. It's only available in their new party pack. So grab it while you can, whether you're hanging out at a bar, hitting the lake or beach for a weekend or daydreaming with friends. Twisted Tea is there to turn your day up a notch and make a good time, a great time. Keep the good times going all day and all summer long. Keep it twisted. Grab a refreshing Twisted Tea today. We were drinking some of the Twisted Lemonades. I had a party pack. I actually had a half and half out by the lake last night. It was awesome. Watching the sun go down, great scenes, Twisted Tea, great sponsor for Tahoe Week. So go get a Twisted Tea Summer party pack, get that Twisted Lemonade, get the half and half in original as well while you're there. Get a refreshing Twisted Tea today. Let's get Twisted all summer long. Okay, let's go. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Friday, July 10th and PFT Mbappe and France are moving on. Mbappe, best player in the world, France. Again, they just seem to be unstoppable. When we first got the bracket, I said I was going to go chalk and just bet on France. They just seem like there's nothing that you can do to stop them. Yeah. It's between him and Max just, he just did a fat bastard impression. And I think his nickname should be Get In My Dembele. Dembele. But Dembele is fucking incredible too. What are you guys looking at over there? It's the France game that just ended. Oh, you have a TV right there? Yeah, I got a TV right there. Got it. Got it. But yeah, France looks unstoppable. I know that we talked about when the heartbreak is going to come for England and how it might be from the Norse god. This weekend? Yeah. I would like to, I think I'm going to push it back a little bit. I think England's going to win this weekend. And it feels like it's Argentina, England, Falkland War. They hate each other. The hand of God, Maradonna, losing to Argentina at that stage. That would be the most heartbreaking loss they could possibly have. So I'm going to give England, you get one more round of hope and saying that it's coming home. And then you'll have the realization that it might not actually be coming home after all. Yeah, and Wednesday was the first day that we didn't have a World Cup game in like three weeks. It was very odd. Very, you know, I was just like, where's my soccer game in the middle of the day? So this weekend should be great. The other story, and we're going to, we're not going to talk only soccer, but the other story is, oh my God, it is open season on Christian Pulisic. People really don't like him. I actually think here to PFT, I'm going to walk back slightly like a, a baby step, a waggle when you're in the T -box of my take about, it's okay. We just suck at soccer. I think with the amount of vitriol that has gone towards Christian Pulisic, we have shown for the first time we might be a real soccer country, because that actually, it's nuts how he's gotten bashed by everyone. And Christian Yellich skates by. It's great. No one says anything about Christian Yellich. Pulisic, he does have a broken, he had a. Hank doesn't get it because Hank doesn't listen to the show. That's unfortunate. That's okay. Yeah. He has a, what? He just looked around like, huh? What's wrong, Hank? Vibes are bad. Vibes are high as hell. Okay. All right. All right. I like that. But yeah, you're right. The knives were out for, for, for, to listen. Like to, I mean, he did end up having a real injury, but it was pretty much anyone who's been part of any portion of U .S. soccer at any point, men or female, were like, hey, we all hate that guy. Yeah. Yeah, it did seem, it did seem weirdly personal. I, I'm just sick of relying on him to be the face of U .S. soccer. Because it's, it's so clear that he's not. Um, the, the injury, the tibia, fibia, micro fracture that he had, I've seen some doctors online point out that this is, it's a bone bruise, but it's the type of language where you say like, oh, if you, if you can't say bone bruise. If you dig down and, and describe exactly what's going on, technically it's like micro fracture. It's a sprint ankle. It's a bone bruise. It's like, yeah, like a sprint ankle, you're like, oh, he's, he's got ligament damage. Yeah, yeah. It's like, yeah, he's got a deep contusion for a bruise. Mm hmm. But yeah, listen, I'm, I'm as upset or disappointed as anybody with Pulis. But there have been a lot of people that have made it weirdly personal. Right. That's what I'm saying. And I actually think that's a positive for U .S. soccer. The more we lose our minds about something that we care about. The fact that it's gotten so toxic towards this one guy, it's like, oh, shit, maybe, maybe we could become a country that people care that much about it. Shout out Carly Lloyd, because it feels like every four years when she talks about soccer, she says something that people like say, whoa, whoa, back it off. Carly, please apologize. That was weird. That seemed personal. And then she has to be like, fuck you. I'm not going to apologize for Jack. Yeah. She said, I don't know anyone in apology. This is, she was talking about Pulis. I don't know anyone in apology. My comment wasn't about his post game interview. He skipped the gold cup because he wanted to rest and be ready for the world cup. He ended up resting the whole year. That's the facts. Nothing personal against him. She's way better than Alexi Lales. Carly Lloyd knows what she's talking about. That's a lie. Nothing personal. There's some personal. It might be some personal. But yeah. It's actually would be, I'd be better if she was like, yeah, there's some, there's some personal in here. I don't fucking like him. Yeah, I don't fuck with that guy. Yeah. You guys all said he was awesome and he, he isn't. He's not personal. Very disappointed. Yeah. He swerved me for a photo like six years ago. But the other dives are out towards our coach, Pochettino, Pochettino. I never actually, I heard so many people pronounce it different ways. Yeah, I don't think it matters. I opted out of learning how to pronounce it the way he wanted. But one guy who is in on in remaining, ran into Frank the Tank yesterday here in time. And so I just, we walked up, said what's up to him. And just mentioned Bummer about the World Cup. And then he goes, we should keep our coach. I don't know where. And I was like, Frank, that seems for all people to say, we should keep our coach. And he goes, it's not his fault. It's all these Harvard guys that are telling you how to do the analytics. And he just started ranting about Harvard all the sudden. And I was like, he's got to be mad about some Harvard guy for the Mets. He, no, freeze. Oh, freeze. Yeah. Freeze the goalie who went to Harvard. That's, he got it in his head. And so freeze reminded him of the baseball Harvard guy. Yes. So it's Harvard's fault. It's Harvard's fault. Yeah. I'm with Frank on that. What about Alexi Lawless? What do you say? He, I was talking about how, you know, soccer is too expensive. This, that third, he went the other way and said, do you want to tell men and women in America who make their living in new soccer that they need to make less? It's a business. I want them to make as much money for their service as the market will pay them. If they can make a ton of money, then they should. And I'll celebrate it. He'll celebrate. Capital. Listen, we're the only country in the world that does youth soccer that way. And if we just do it harder, then we'll be as good as the rest of the world. Yeah, it seems like Alexi Lawless might, that might be personal. They might, he might have some personal ties to people who are making money off of soccer, off of youth soccer. I also think that Lawless, I mean, he is actually good for TV. I, I have my own personal beefs with Alexi Lawless going back to when he told me to buy a really shitty amp when I was 12 years old. But where? Well, he was, I was a ball boy for a brief period of time for the US men's national team when they practiced at George Mason University in Fairfax County. And I was picking up a guitar and learning how to play it. I was like, what kind of amps should I get? And he told me, get a crate, they're really good amps. They're here to the fucking worst amps in the world. They suck ass, crate amplifiers up your asshole, buddy. Um, and then I found out later that he was endorsed by crate. Kind of sounds like something that's happened right now. And he didn't disclose that. Yeah, so what is he? Exactly, I don't trust the guy. Yeah, who, who, how is he gaining money from youth soccer? I'm sure there's a lot of ways. I'm sure he's involved somehow in some sort of coaching thing. But I also think with him, and this is why he's actually good on TV, is because he will just take that contrarian take it and he'll just own it. Yeah, he needs someone like that. And he's actually really good at that. as much as people are getting uncomfortable watching like Henri and Zlatan and him go back and forth, I think it makes really good TV. Yeah, I love it. I agree. Do you guys want to do something on this show? Do you want to put the show's reputation on the line? Sure. You guys ready? Yeah, all right, pardon my take, what's today's date? July 10th, we are the first to report that LeBron James is going back to Cleveland. So please credit us. When Shams or Shafter or someone else tries to say that they had it first, we had it first. LeBron James is a Cleveland Cavalier yet again for the third time in his career. Congrats to the Cavs. Do you guys all agree? I 100 % agree. We were talking about this. No, Max, you don't agree. Get on the mic, Max. 76 or Max? I mean, Steph's been here all week and I've heard people yelling LeBron's name at him and he kind of like gives him a little wink. Draymond and LeBron are going on a date. I don't know if he's on that report. Yeah, yeah, they're going on a date. So I saw Steph Curry give someone a wink when he said LeBron. So you want to say Warriors and Cavs? I'm fine with Cavs. It's the podcast reputation. I, for selfish reasons, hope he's not in these. Do we want to split it? Do we want to do two and two? So that way we can be right? No, I'm reporting the Cavs. Okay. I think it's the Cavs, but I'm reading every report in hopes that it's a six -year. So in my heart of hearts, I can't support Cavs when I want it to be six -year. I know, but the - It's going to be Cavs. It's going to be the Cavs. What he's doing right now? And I guess the Warriors, like the Steph factor would be the only thing that, which I don't, Miami doesn't really make sense and the Sixers don't really make sense. What? I don't. I don't think he's going to finish his career in Philadelphia. I also - Basketball wise, it makes the most sense for sure. Oh, we're doing basketball wise. Basketball wise, all right. But we talked to Winhorse. What did Winhorse say? I wasn't there for that. Oh, you know what's in the show? Yeah. I did his ass, Hank. You said the happiness is the most important thing that the Sixers are missing. They need, like, they don't have it. LeBron could be like a true point guard and be a facilitator for the good players on the, for the stars on the team. And he's a four that could defend multiple positions, which we use. Do you have space for Broni? Yeah. Sure. You make space for Broni. I don't know. I mean, it sounds like you don't really want Broni. Either way, I think all this is like the Sixers talk, the Warriors talk, the Miami talk. He's just making it seem like he has all these options so that he can be the hero to go back to Cleveland. That's, yeah. Me and Big Cat were talking about this a little bit yesterday. And it does make sense, like, when LeBron has done his free agency stuff in the past, there's been no need to have his agent go on podcasts to talk about all the different options that he has. It's like that's something that you do when you're not necessarily operating from that same position of strength that maybe you once had. I'm not saying that there's not multiple teams that want LeBron, but you don't go out and try to, like, drum up enthusiasm about LeBron and say we're open for business, send us your offers. If you really are going to have that many offers, you don't say shit and you get a lot of offers, but you don't have to, like, say, hey, we're open for applications for LeBron services. Right. I think that he's probably, there's probably been some overtures made, maybe from Philly, maybe from Miami. I'm not saying that those teams don't want LeBron or wouldn't, like, have the conversations. I just think he's gonna finish in Cleveland and this is going to be, like, drawn out for a couple more days, maybe weeks where it's like, oh, he could go here, he could go there. And then he's like, hey, I had to go home. And I'm like, oh man, what a hero. Maybe he wants to go to the Blazers because he's like, that's an owner and a family of owners that really know how to win championships. That's true. Maybe he saw the Stanley Cup and he was like, hmm, I like the way that guy operates. So the, what PFT is alluding to is Tom Dundin, the owner of the Hurricanes. They got the team's names and team's player's names engraved on the Stanley Cup and he included five of his family, six, I think, of his family members, including a kindergartner. There's a five -year -old on the Stanley Cup. People are pissed. I'm rightfully so. The first names, the first names that are engraved are Tom Dundin, he's number one. Veroshka Dundin. Okay. Caden Dundin, Dax Dundin, Drew Dundin. Double Ds. Blake Dundin, Blake of the Year. And Tayson Dundin. So they are the first members of the Hurricanes to be recognized for winning a Stanley Cup. This is crazy. I was trying to wrap my head around it where it's like, hey, if I owned a team, would I put my kids' name? No, I don't think I would, because it's like these guys worked their ass off. Also, you're just putting rich kids' names. Those kids are gonna be fine, no matter what. Yeah. What are we doing? I would probably put my name. No, no, your name's fine. You'll be towards the end. Oh, no, no. The owner, I think, should be on there. The owner owns the team. The owner is paying, like the owner makes perfect sense. Anything else, if you don't work for the team, and you're just a five -year -old who's, you know, sitting at home, probably doesn't even watch all the games. Probably had to go to bed, right? Some of the games like Tayson was staying up? No way, no way. So yeah, that's crazy. It is crazy that they all went first, too. I know. I'd be pissed if I were his player. Yeah. More like someone that works on the team. Like, there's a lot of staff, training staff, actually played a role in them winning. They said that, also, like, this has happened before, I think it was the 83 Oilers, maybe, and they went back and crossed out the owner's dad who put his dad on there, and they crossed it out. The owner was Peter Pocklington, and his dad was... That name actually should stay. Yeah, well, they did. Basil, I'm saying his dad's name. Basil Pocklington. Yeah, that should stay. That was the father. That should stay. That should stay. That should be a name. But Basil Pocklington? Yeah, I mean, should stay, Tayson and Drew get the fuck out of here. Basil getting crossed out of something that Shane would do, probably. Hmm. It probably hates that stuff. Does he hate Basil? Probably. I definitely don't know. There was one other just brief item that I wanted to address today, if that's okay with you. Okay, I had a couple more, but yeah, go. Okay, so National Sports Podcast. Dan Patrick, we ran in some out here. Great to see Mr. Patrick is always out on the links here. And he had an interview with Mike McDonald. Did you see this? No. So they asked Super Bowl winning head coach the Seahawks, Mike McDonald, who did you talk to? To get prepared for the New England Patriots. Oh, thanks for rolling his eyes. Mike McDonald said there's one person he reached out to for advice, who helped a lot, but he can't say who it is because it might be a conflict of interest. And it's not Bill Belichick. Who do you think it was? Well, I mean, if you want to connect some dots, the coordinator of the Seahawks would leave and then go to work for the Raiders. Oh. After the Super Bowl. Oh. And so there's a lot of speculation given all the weird stuff that. And Tom Brady. Tomy Fox. With Josh McDaniel's for many years. And the Patriots offense looked very bad. So a lot of people, not me, but a lot of people are speculating that that individual given the stuff that he said around the Super Bowl about how he doesn't have a dog in the fight, et cetera, might be Thomas Brady. Henry. Discuss. That would be egregious if that was true. I don't believe it is true, but if it were, that would be. Unforgivable. Not unforgivable. That would be a. A blemish. A big blemish. Would it be a slap in the face? Big time. Hmm. If slap in the face of the whole, the whole region. Hmm. So do you think there's any truth to it? Percentage wise. Could you see a world? No. Is that because you don't want to see the world? Yes. Yeah. That's on your eyes. Come on. I get it. I don't want to live in that world. You got your head in the sand. Yep. It's fine. Well, yeah, PFT's got his head in space, trying to, you know, come up with these conspiracies. So it's like... I mean, I didn't come up with the two different spots. You did. You named the player that would be the most salacious. I said that a lot of people are speculating that that's who it was. You connected with some dots. A lot of people are speculating. Not me. I'm actually with Hank. I don't want to live in that world either. That's a huge review. As a football fan and as a guy that bet on the Patriots thinking that there's no chance in hell that Tom Brady of all people would turn his back on. That's very nice of you. And a friend of Hank. And a friend of Hank's. Yeah. Don't want it. He also said that the Argentina comeback the other day, top 28 -3. What, we'd say that again? He said when Argentina had that comeback. Yeah, yeah. He said that tops 28 -3. Wow. Which I disagree with. Hank said that a Brady. No Brady said that. Brady said that. Hank? I don't know soccer, so I don't know. I don't think I don't think it did. What about, I got a question for you. Oh, so that game was rigged. Yeah. It might have been. I have a question for you, Hank. There was a report. Oh, they asked Jason Tatum about the Jalen Brown trade. And he said he was unaware until it was reported. He found out just like everyone else. Do we believe that for a second? Yeah, I'm sure. I'm sure he knew that he was on the trade. And he didn't know specifically when he got traded. And he found out just like everyone else. You don't think he was told before? No. But I'm sure everyone, all Brad Stevens, Jalen Brown, they talked about how he was going to be on the trading block and they were going to try and move him. So I'm sure Jason Tatum was also aware of that. But in terms of, he's probably playing a little cutesy there. No one specifically told him, hey, this is the trade. He found. out like everyone else. But I'm sure he was not surprised and fully aware what the plan was. Okay. Yeah, probably right. He probably was, he's probably clued into some stuff, not every single second that like shit's going down. Yeah, he doesn't know the, you know, he's like, we're probably gonna trade Jalen. Right. Okay. All right, any other things, Zach, do you have anything? No, I'm just looking forward to this, uh, this next round of the world cup. Yeah. That's where my full brain attention is right now currently. Yeah, I'm excited. Can't wait. The coitrade is on hold right now because they have to finish their investigation. Yep. And it broke during an interview with an NBA guy. So I guess that'll be a tease. You'll have to wait to hear what random NBA personality has to say in response to the coitrade. Yeah. Also Spurs play by play and outs are all time fumble. Holy shit. Do you guys see that story? Yeah. That's a, the Spurs are going to be good for a really long time story. He's the Spurs play by play announcer. His girlfriend accused him of cheating on the sister of a player on the team posted like all this stuff on social media. And then the Spurs fired him. So that's what reason. So he had a girlfriend and then his girlfriend took over his Instagram account. Yeah. He was away from his phone and posted a picture being like, Hey, this is me and my girlfriend. But then I screwed up. And I cheated on her with this person who's the sister of a Spurs player. There's probably rules about employees of the Spurs dating family members of the Spurs. I would imagine that's why he got fired. I don't know. I actually don't know how how that would work. I feel like it's a it's a little the water's a little muddy area. Yeah. Yeah. No, that now that I'm saying, yeah, I mean, that doesn't he wasn't married. Right. And also and it's also not a Spurs. I don't know. Spurs players. They want to find out. Do give us a three minute Zach researchers while we finish the other topics and give us all the details of how the Spurs, why the Spurs, I guess they could just fire him being like he's a distraction. I guess it could be. Yeah. If if a player, if the player wasn't cool, it's like, Hey, don't date my sister. But again, like that's kind of her decision. Right. She's an adult. Well, I think. Yeah. Yeah. As far as we know. Okay. Well, Zach's gonna find out. Yeah. I got no service, but we can we can pass it. We got this. We got this. We got this. We got no service. I got the it wasn't working. Come on, Zach, you're under the gun. You think you can fire for just being a bad boyfriend though? Yeah, that's the part I don't understand. Is that against against the law? It's a shitty move. He's on his girlfriend. Right. That makes him a shitty guy. But he also he's getting it. Zach's getting it. Like you guys see the guy who cut off his own penis and then lit his mom's garage on fire with it. I did. Yeah. I did not know that I understand like you use this like kindling. Yeah. Penis is in the fire starter. I'm your fire starter. You're a twisted fire starter. Maybe if you have like chlamydia, it catches on maybe that's a burning sensation. I don't know. But I just saw the headline. I got a question. I also didn't look like I would I'd be in tears if I was that mugshot. You got a penis. Yeah. Yeah. Spain and Belgium. They got they had a preview for that game on tomorrow P .A .T. Are we rooting for Belgium at this point to further our claim as a good team? My thoughts. My honest thoughts or my Belgium cope thoughts. Belgium winning is good for us. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I'm as a as a die heart. I'm not familiar early. You have to tell me how I should be rooting. Are you an ultra? No. Okay. As an ultra. I think I think yeah. If Belgium wins and they beat Spain, then I will death. There'll be a big part of me that says to myself, Belgium's just a fucking wagon. And so there's no shame in getting your ass kicked by a wagon like that. That's kind of how I. Yeah. Also, Conor McGregor's fighting on Saturday. Just a reminder to people and change your clocks. Zach, you got it? Oh, also it's free Slurpee day. Yeah. So Saturday. Happy birthday to. Yeah. Free Slurpees. That's one of the best days of the entire year. Oh, we have from what I can see, it's just this guy, bad boyfriend, had sex, players relative. But how did the Spurs, the Spurs fired him? Do they say why? He says, can for an affair. That's crazy. Is that an affair though? If you're not married? Right. That's cheating on your girlfriend. This is being scumbag. Right. Fair was like your like, like wedding all the way up. Was she married? In her law. But also, I don't understand how they can fire. I'm not saying. Zach, my bad. That's what I'm gonna throw. I'm not saying that like the Spurs, like you could fire anyone. And but like to be like, hey, it's because of this. That's weird, right? Maybe if the play by play announcer was like really gassing up the player on the Spurs, who sister was. Yeah, like I don't know why this guy's not in the game. I just know that I read the story and I immediately was like, Oh man, like if you if you got fired as a play by play announcer of like the pelicans, you're like, all right, I'll hopefully find another job. Spurs are going to like, you could have been part of like man, they could go on to win multiple titles. You've been part of like iconic calls and be like, Hey, remember this guy? He's been. Yeah, what if he's just bad at his job and they're like, that's true. It could be it could be. We got a new guy. He's really nice at this. Great voice, really talented. Yeah. Deep vocab bag. Yeah, no sex drive. Doesn't even think about women. Yeah. There's worth not thinking about women. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. What's that word? Would that be would that be asexual if you're not into anybody? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think that was like the clinical definition. You're not an intercourse guy. Yeah. You're not those guys just they they might still if you're not an intercourse guy, you might still think about women. You're not really into the whole, yeah, the whole act of it. It's like, oh, I can dance. You never say you never, you never came out and said that he wasn't like a blowjob guy. Sometimes just bet like sometimes just it sounds better than it is. You ever like, uh, you ever ever have like a great date and then you're like, Oh, I'm so excited for this. And he's just kind of like, Oh man. All right. I bet you come. Yeah. I'm actually going to say, no, no, Zach, I always come. Yeah. That's awesome. That's sick. That's good. That's the best part of it would be a mark of health. It's true. Healthy body so far. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Man announces these days. They're just going to camera. You hate to see that guy who got off his dick. Usually a kind of crazy crazy. I'm breaking news. Yeah. Have you guys seen this? Nell colon one stream? Uh, yeah. Guess who just appeared? Holy. Oh my God. Well, I guess, are they in Canada? Yeah. Oh, they are. Okay. Well, that makes sense. That makes sense. Listen, if something's going on in old in Canada, he had a picture with John Summit in like, he's everywhere. He just owns that. He's old. He is essentially like a brave heart. The Irish guy. He's like, it's my island. That's oldie. Like if you cross the border, you're just going to have to deal with old Canada is a big ass country, but and it's like 70 % covered by ice and the rest is covered by oldie. Yeah. He's actually a great person to have on that because they're, I think they're an hour like 95. Like June. Oh, they finished? Yeah. Oh, they got it. Probably because oldie showed up. But that's what I'm saying. Like you need a guy like oldie to lift the spirits of the squad. Yes, because they got to be so down bad. Yes. Also, Brooks captain might be back. Oh, and so is Max. We should have said something about Max on Monday. Max homeless. Our guy Max is playing in the British Open because he finished second last weekend. Yeah. So he read he what? The open. Oh, the open. The open champ. I apologize. And yeah, Brooks, I think, what he should five under or four under in his first round eyes, four under four under. So just one stroke off the lead, but at that the Scottish open, but listen, and we love Brooks. Did you not see Bryson hit that electric putt in front of tens of people at the live Colorado event? Oh, I think he was doing a YouTube thing. Oh, that was a YouTube thing. Yeah. So Bryson was out on the course shooting. That was live. One of his. What is that crazy to think that would be live? Yes. Why? No, because the guy had a camera like two feet away from you. I lived does create lived doesn't golf shorts and louder and all that shit. No one goes to the events. I guess it could have been. I'm sorry. I should have been the day. I didn't know the details of you. But yeah, so I think that live. That could have been a live event. It could have braced live events that have looked worse. Bryson hit a massive like camera. There was a guy with a camera like a foot in front of him and the gallery. I knew it wasn't live because the gallery was way too loud. Yes. Thank you, PFT. Where was the camera? It was right behind him. But again, I thought don't they do that. Don't they do cameras right behind you in the in regular golf? I thought it could have been to when I first got an angles. Yeah. Yeah. But the fist pump he gave for the YouTube video was that was electric. Yeah, he was he was so pumped. That's not a crazy location of the camera. Is it? I've never seen that in live. I guess I haven't probably. It looks like us. Yeah. Oh, sorry. Okay, sorry. I apologize. But Bryson did hit that pot and he looked like he was having a time of his life time of his life. So he's crushing it. Yeah, he's absolutely crushing. He made the right decision. Okay, let's do Mount Rushmore of food duos and then we will get to our interview with Larry Fitzgerald and Firefest of the week. Okay, before we get to Mount Rushmore Chevy, chill week is here. You know what that means. No schedules, no plans, just more of the good stuff. Chevy Silverado makes that possible. There's a reason Chevy's called the heartbeat of America and the Silverado keeps that heartbeat. strong. These trucks work hard so you can chill harder whether that's getting out of town, heading to the lake or just not turning around when you probably should. It's got the capability of the space and the muscle everything you need for a proper summer coolers gear. Whatever your version of chill looks like because at the end of the day, Silverado helps you tackle more of what you love. And let's be honest, you've earned the summer. Now it's time to go get it. So roll the windows down, turn the music up and just listen, that's the heartbeat of America that's today's Chevrolet. Head over to chevy .com to learn more today. Okay, Mount Rushmore of food duos. Oh, I think you're going to say food, food duos. No, come on, come on, come, food combination combination food duos slash food combinations. That's a good ruler respect a boomer. Okay. We have, I mean, it's kill white people. Doesn't that moment? I just heard the troops say it all the time. We have a tie at first. Team Max memes and myself are tied with PFT for 14 points. And then in last place are Zack and Hank with second place eight eight points. No, have you ever seen a golf leaderboard? Hank, you're you're three. Yeah, your third. It's okay. I mean, that's still within striking distance, I know things are starting to feel like there's a lot of pressure Zack came in and asked me a couple of questions about like the the technicalities of this arrangement, which tells me that there might have been some team descent. I don't know, some disagreements. No, they're just like, yeah, just trying to figure out the way the law here on this draft. My team's had had a little internal descent as well. Like stage one PFT has been feeling confident. And then there's second guest PFT and I'm stage one PFT is starting to get upset with second guest PFT. Yeah, because it feels like maybe he's sabotaging him. Zack's also been throwing around some pretty dangerous accusations. So we'll see how I think we're in a good spot. You know, I like to look at this as a marathon. You guys are both of the two other teams are ahead a little bit right now. But if if you're gassing yourself here, maybe we can catch the corner. What do you what do you think about the dangerous accusation you've been throwing around, though, which early in the season, which won that pandering, you said, and because I picked big tits on weapons, and I simply said, but what about the fact that you were going to pick big tits on mermaids if PFT didn't take mermaids? Oh, I think, yeah, I don't think that that was more of like a lighthearted question. It did. But I will say it is a good pick. It's a good pick. I mean, I was admittedly not a weapons guy. That's fair. Tits are a weapon. I don't even think I won that draft. I think that's also true. Every point matters, though, you know, every point matters. Okay, all right. So we're doing food combinations combination. We have first pick, who has second pick, Hank is that Hank is exactly 50. Okay, all right, we, we're going to start with a just run the football. We're going to start with burger and fries, burger and fries, first pick. Let's get pick pick with strong pick. Any problems? No, we're going to have a lot of straw, like, yeah, this is a strong draft. This could be a coop. I'm fries. Oh, I guess it's not a coom by odd draft. Never mind. Yeah, burger. Yeah. Well, how are we having a problem with burgers and fries? Yeah, we are having a problem with burger and fries. So, what is a burger consists burger consists of multiple foods? It's a burger and fries. So you do get you get all so we're just going to have it a loss. Yeah, I didn't know that that I think that's the most one of the most classic combinations you can have. They're saying that that there's a problem because a burger consists of meat, cheese, lettuce, tomato, ingredients, ketchup, mustard, and then fries are the only well then we're screwed because we have a lot of combinations that I guess if you if you break it down has multiple things in it. Yeah, food duos was a that's that's a yes class. No, what? What do you say when you ask? I asked about I asked about a bacon, egg and cheese and PhD said that's three items. Yeah, I just want to go back to when I asked my baby actually was maybe a tall item that isn't just a list of three things if you're going to have a combination like if you say burger and fries, everyone knows that means when you run into like a bacon, egg and cheese and then coffee or whatever, I think that would open up for dispute because the name of the item is literally three separate things. I think the example was a bacon, a cheese and a slim gym and is like a so that two food items. Like I think that would be fine. Yeah, that's a terrible combination. I just can catch it with burger. I just told Zach that that would open yourself up to dispute if you use bacon, egg and cheese as one thing because it's literally listed in the name as being three different things. That's all I said it might open up for dispute. I think burger and fries is an absolute no brainer of a pick. It's sad that Hank and Zach are disputing it. Just trying to clarify. No, it's sad. This is a sad dispute. This is like, yeah, this is like Mike Tomlin throwing the challenge flag. Wait, I'm in the loss. I don't really know. I say it likely. We might have to restart the whole Mount Rushmore of burger and fries. Get a flag. We're in trouble. They could be more of a food duo. Okay. All right. Next hamburger and bun is a food duo. All right. Oh, it's a sad. Oh, man. It's that technicality. Okay. We didn't think that was a technicality. I think we thought that was the rules. Okay. So our grandfry is not where I can't know. There's two teams against one. Yeah, we're in a spot. We're in a spot. I'm not. I'm not going to try to take burger and fries off a list of duos. It's fucking insane. What's the point of even doing this podcast? If we can't agree that burger and fries is a great duo. Burger fries to bacon, egg and cheese three. That's trio. Well, yes, but bacon and cheese, one sandwich burger, one sandwich. The problem is the name of the sandwich is bacon. Bacon and cheese has bacon, egg, cheese, bun. A burger has hamburger, cheese, pickles, bun. All right. All right. All right. I was going to say you guys are going to hate that we're going to dip our fries and catch up. I can't wait to see. I can't wait to see what you guys are picking because we also put some salt and pepper on our fries if we want to just be fully transparent. We could play this game with every pick on this list. Correct. That's our list. Our list has everything. Okay. We picked duos. Peanut butter and chocolate. Okay. We had it on the list. We had our list. Well, there's peanuts and then there's also butter. That's true. That's so that could be a true. There's also oil. Yeah. There's oil salt. You had peanut butter by just blending and making chocolate. I think it's like cocoa and milk that you like make together. Yeah. You would have to say, you have to say cocoa bean and peanut. Mm hmm. That makes sense. Good pick. Good pick. I would have no problem with that pick. No problem with that pick. Okay. Hey, these are two good first picks. I'm going to go with mac and cheese. Good macaroni and cheese. Second pick. I'm going to go with bacon and eggs. Like that. Good. It's good. Okay. Are these okay? These are great picks. These are okay, everyone. Even though it's semolina flour that's kind of combined with some other ingredients. It's salt and pepper on the bacon and eggs. There's salt. Yeah. There's some stuff. You have to fry the egg and probably the bacon fat actually. Yeah. Macaroni has a lot of things in it. Yeah. Okay. We would like to take chips and queso. Okay. It's good. Can I say the next one? Yeah. Can't believe it's there on the board. Meatballs is on the board, baby. Get in meatballs. Get in meatballs. What kind of meatballs? What goes into those meatballs? There's a lot of things. A lot of things that go into meatballs. Ah, yeah. I think seven is the pick here. I think seven is the pick here. I'm sure it will be a problem, but seven or six seven. I think we get something else. We can we can save it. We can get value. We can get value later, Max. Max, we get value later. Okay. Okay. Run run the football ball in this draft. Feel like six is running. We can get value later. Trust the process. We're going to go chicken and waffles. Okay. Is that okay? I'm fine with it. Yeah. Yeah. Two food items. Okay. I think it might be. Is that your third pick? That's our third pick. Kind of a reach for third. Okay. But I think it's a fine thing. Well, it's the third round. I really enjoy it. I love chicken. We love chicken waffles. We are going to go with the steak and eggs. Okay. Okay. Nice. I'd probably say that baking and eggs is more iconic than steak and eggs, but I do love steak and eggs is a better, you know, if you're trying to be a healthy like grown man, what does that mean? Just better men adults don't eat bacon. No, but steak and eggs is like a heartier breakfast. Man man stuff. I guess I wouldn't know about that. We're trying to fill up, you know, I've been frozen by burger and fries. I've been I've been my brains. I'm not gonna fight anything. I'm not gonna Let's go pay. Let's go pay. Good pick. All right. So now I get two more, right? Yeah. Okay. I'm going to go with peanut butter and jelly. Good one. Peanut butter and jelly. I can't believe the last long that is bread though. Yeah. What was your first thing peanut butter chocolate chocolate? Yeah. Yeah. So they're kind of comboing each other. You thought, what'd you think? Give it. Yeah. We should be in on Look at you got so excited about spaghetti and meatballs. You just stop laughing You did and obviously we were taking we were taking that thing. Yeah, yeah, right No, but you didn't stop looking at the the list you got excited about the meatballs You got confused in my peanut butter. Yeah, but I I was okay was that was peanut butter and jelly. Okay peanut butter and jelly Yeah, I mean we did just talked well. I got excited. Yeah, you got really excited Meatballs are still on the board. All right. What do you guys got all -time combination? Wait? I'm up. Oh, yeah Peanut butter and jelly and then I'm gonna go with chicken wings and blue cheese. Okay chicken wings and blue cheese Absolutely love it. We discussed it. Mm -hmm. The the issue we had was we were split on as a group Yes, we'll use ranch boys. Yes ranch boys. Yeah, so that that's where it became we couldn't in in The spirit of Mount Rush where we couldn't go to bat for something that we don't all believe it I'm a as an adult. I'm a blue cheese guy as a man. I'm a blue cheese guy. Yeah, okay We we would like to take with the fourth pick of our draft Well, no, I don't know Zack. No, we're in a good spot. We're in a good spot I just take I used to do two more seconds. I'm sorry for that the hold up here. I don't think you're gonna take We're gonna take cookies and ice cream cookies and ice cream. Yeah, that's what we're gonna take. Okay. I wasn't on our list I love it. It's actually gonna go you want to do like that. Yeah, we're gonna take that okay, okay? What do we do now? We guys got to take cookies and ice cream. We're gonna take milk and cookies, which is I that's why I wanted that I want to take that the last round What do you want to do now? Why don't you look at the list Max? Yeah, no, I think you know kids a drink it you can't do that comp duos Food I guess that's where that that was okay. Well, we didn't pick it so I know I know I just that's what we were trying to clarify And he was just like no wait. I you asked me nothing about like 11. It means says 11. I think I think I think eight is good. I think eight is pretty strong. I think eight is pretty strong That's something that you just everyone everyone can get behind no You decide max. I like eight. All right. We'll go bagel and cream cheese Bagel and cream cheese. You got to do it. It's good big. Okay, okay What do we have for Honorable mentions and ketchup and mustard Yeah, we had there's actually a lot that we we had Fish and chips bread and butter bread and butters good bread and butter coffee and donut I although that's not that's a drink biscuits and gravy camp. This isn't gravy grilled cheese and tomato soup. Yeah Oh, that's a good one sausage and peppers chicken tenders and fries Cheese and crackers a huge mess pork chops and applesauce Yeah, I got that lay on a tuna fish Mm -hmm Tuna fish and onions. Yep Brownie and ice cream Brownie and ice cream delicious turkey and stuffing turkey and stuffing. I had a few that was potatoes and gravy apple and peanut butter Slalani and cheese. I had a few that were not we're told that they wouldn't be good, but they're personal favorites of mine chips in a sandwich Mm -hmm in a sandwich not not next to it in a sandwich Popcorn and candy at the at the movie theater great combination great duo Let's see. Oh Beer in a hot dog beer and beer and peanuts. I thought about hot wings cold beer Yeah, didn't really think that that was a food combination pretzel and mustard Yeah, honey mustard specifically beef and broccoli For Chinese food. That's good one. Yeah big anything else Chicken and rice steak and cheese chicken rice rice and beans I said rice and beans. I love rice and beans, but yeah, I think a cheese is a good one. Mm -hmm Taking steak and potatoes was another one. I said, but yeah, we thought it was too similar to burgers and fries turkey and provolone Yeah, mm -hmm Okay, good draft. I think draft a draft. I don't know. I yeah, but yeah Good draft. We took the meaning to literal. That's on us. Yeah, we had like we had like hot tools We thought it was tooth cheese and a burger like we took it very later Like I we're gonna do like chicken wings two and blue cheese, but like that's a sauce So we took a very literal. That's on us Great. Yeah, I don't know. I mean cookies and ice cream. Yeah. Yeah, I was good thinking on the fly So is that is that a just a regular so there's no chocolate chips in the cookies And there's a chocolate in the ice cream. It's an imagination. I'm not over that one foot didn't matter got it I wasn't even on our list. I think everybody you guys got great list great list Good draft a lot of good those on that last one. I like yeah panic pick. I like it's good. Yeah, it might be nice Kind of throw us off. Yeah, we're gonna go milk and cookies or we were gonna go brownies and ice cream and you took one So cookie. Yeah, we thought about cake and ice cream, but now but yeah, but yeah It's either cookies and ice cream. Yeah apple line ice cream. I think the voters are gonna vote on this make I Don't know I'm I'm Statistically by far the worst person more so I What Max I don't know I don't know. I don't probably come in third. I mean getting PB and J and the third is Yeah, you got you that's on you for some idiot meatballs. No, you got excited Hold on PB and J would have gone over chicken and waffle. I get it Max But you were a team we were talking about no I know but we're a team and we said going into it We had nine picks to and we're like let's get one of three of the nine those were part of the nine and Getting in meatballs was not the problem. No, no, do you understand if we play back the clip your excitement for spaghetti and meatballs You basically like you you you essentially did the equivalent of hitting a three and not getting back on defense Yeah, that's what happened We talked about Chicken waffles, you know, that was where I would have said you were so excited about spaghetti and meatballs You didn't even know that you didn't realize that peanut butter But you guys were all with it as a team. I know and you hit the three is also You hit the three and then you were doing the dance and the memes that I were like fuck they're coming back They just didn't outlet pass this is there's three guys talking about her own We also forgot about We all forgot about PB and J. I'm ripping all the benefits for taking the sure fire wide open layup and spaghetti and meatballs Oh, it's not your fault. We submitted you're picked to too quick. Yeah, you didn't you're you're misunderstanding it For four minutes we're not talking about the spaghetti and meatballs pick that was a great great pick That's a great pick. We do then you were dancing in the end zone, and we were like hey next play We were talking about the next play we just weren't talking about PB and J as a team I mean Zack and Hank are the ones that are benefiting the most from this. It's like they're just they're sitting back and It didn't take PB and J after that Yeah, I don't know. All right good draft good draft Let's get to our interview with Larry Fitzgerald awesome interview with Larry Fitzgerald before we do that PFT's gotten that Yeah before we get there want to talk to you guys about draft Kings fight nights here Title shots debut killers the rising contender. No one's talking about yet Only draft Kings has you covered every step of the way Draft Kings app is now available in all 50 states and includes all markets bring the game straight to your fingertips Wherever you are from New York to San Antonio to LA You're in on the excitement at the speed of sports Draft Kings sports, but especially California very excited. We're being wearing California right now excited try out the predictions here Fall follow every walkout every round Every walk -off finish that brings the crowd to its feet from the prelims to the main event swept the whole card in real time You have a seamless experience built for championship fight nights No matter where you're watching. You're always connected. You're always in the game with one app New draft Kings customer sign up with code take spend five bucks to get 200 in rewards within 21 days That's code take in partnership with draft Kings the crowd is yours and now here's Bet with DK sports book gambling problem call 1 -800 gambler 1 -800 my reset Connecticut called 888 -789 -7777 or visit ccpg .org on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Kansas Bet tax pass through may apply in Illinois 21 and over void in Canada event contract trading with draft Kings Predictions involves risk of loss availability varies bet to get bonus bets that expire in seven days trade to get $50 in predictions dollars That expire in one year issued every seven days via click to claim for 21 days one non -withdrawable reward redeemable predictions offer avoid in New York And july 19 terms at DKNG dot co slash audio Okay, we now welcome on a very very special guest. We're here at the American Century Championship. It is 2026 Hall of Famer NFL Hall of Famer Larry Fitzgerald. Let's start with that. Well, actually Weird question. Are you retired? 100 % 100 % Oh, you never told us we you had the most confusing retirement where we never knew if you were retired Yeah, I'm not I'm not one to what the public goodbyes, you know, that's not really my thing I'm kind of like the Irish goodbye guy. Okay. Hey, we're you see might you know what a bathroom is? Yeah, and I just slip out You know like that's that's kind of how I just the game is bigger than one individual like I'm not a Celebrate me. That's not that's not my jam I had a great time I had an unbelievable run and it was time for some other guys to do it Did you ever officially file your paperwork to retire? Yeah, of course. Oh, did you do that right away? Did it the year after? Okay, so we weren't totally wrong to be like, hey, I think pretty much every year for about four or five years, we were like, hey, is Larry Fitzgerald retired or not? Because that's also a testament to you that we just assumed at any point, you could be like, hey, I'm playing and you would just rip off like 75 catches, no problem. Nah, nah, I knew after that last year, I was a rap, I was a rap, yeah, it was over that way. I didn't understand. You used Arizona? Yeah, I told them, I told them by. You said by? Yeah, okay. I did it personally. Well, each and everyone. You endured it or? Like my teammates and the guys that I had spent time with. Yeah. It's just the youth of Arizona, they want to say goodbye to you. You're talking about the kids outside of the game. Yeah, yeah. And I do that, I do that through my foundation work. Okay. You know, so I, I, you know, kind of mix it and mix it. Can you give us closure and just say, I'm officially retiring from the NFL? I mean, it's hard to get into the hall of fame without having like. That's not as hard. He's not retired. He's not retired. You might, you might be the first guy in the hall of fame to come back and play. No, that's definitely not. Philip Rivers. Yeah, he could. He could. So you're officially retired. I am, I am officially transitioned from the gang. I see you retired. This guy's going to come back. He's going to be, he'll be a pro bowler in three years. I think it's more, you might just be scared of the word retired. Yeah, retirement is what I look at is like, is 70 year old sitting on in the Panhandle of Florida with their feet in the sand at a retirement. That's not much. I mean, I'm just transitioning to something different than what I did before. So I don't even like using the word retired. I hear you. My grandfather, he told me that retirement kills more people than anything in the country. Yeah. Okay. So like your mind starts to actually feel your body actually like not. Okay. So we were right. You're just afraid to say that you're retired. We were right. We were dead on it. Okay. All right. That's closure. It feels good to win one. That's just a theory that we had in the back of our head for a long time. I do actually, I have endless amounts of respect for you as a player, as a human being. I think that you've done incredible stuff, probably some more to come, but if it's okay, I do have one bone to pick with you. Maybe something that you could apologize. You know, again, I keep thinking of the kids out there that watched you play football. Would you like to apologize for what happened? Well, first of all, do you know what happened on October 8th, 2018? It was a Sunday. No. It was a game against the 49ers. Your actions in that game are kids watching at home. You spiked the ball. What? You did? Yeah. You spiked the ball. Larry. It's a two point conversion to go up 18 to 15 and you spiked it. How could you? Yeah. I do remember that. I do remember that. Okay. Is that your only spike? That's my only spike. Way to show up the opponent. That's my only spike. Yeah. One and only. Yeah. So, all right. So let's talk about the whole thing. When you get, were you, did you know in the back of your head, you're like, look, it's my time. I was one of the best receivers of all time. Or was it still a moment? You're like, holy shit. This is actually real. This is happening. No. Honestly, it's one of those things that's completely out of your hand. Somebody else is making a determination based on your resume. And, you know, there's a lot of things that go on with it. You know, you heard the news about, you know, Coach Belichick and you're like, if he's not Hall of Fame worthy, then who is? And, you know, like, so all of these things start kind of going through your mind. I don't think I ever questioned the fact that I would be. I feel like my numbers and what I accomplished was good enough to get me in, but would it be on the first ballot? You know, all of that stuff is so subjective. And so I try not to let my mind go there. I didn't want to be disappointed if that didn't happen. You know, that's not the right feeling to have either. Or feel like I'm entitled to something that I, you know, so I tried to manage my emotions best I could. But I tell you what, when I did find out, I was elated. And how it actually went down was even that much more special. I'll be able to have Randy Moss, somebody who I idolized. I met him in 1998 as a kid. I was a ballboy in the team and the relationship that I've had with him for so many years to know he had just be cancer, you know, less than a year prior to that to get on the plane and come down and make my moments so significant. It was surreal. And so like that was a really special time. Yeah. That was cool. Was it on a boat? Yeah. So my buddy Hollis, I was down there for some board meetings in Boca Raton. And he was like, hey, Larry, I got a, I actually got a new boat and it's, it's at the slip actually across the street from your hotel. I'm like, that's interesting. Like what's the irony that his boat would be in Boca? You know, I didn't put anything together. I was like, that's awesome. And he was telling me about this and he wanted me to see it. And on the ride there is literally like a 10 minute ride to get there. He's talking about, you know, all the stuff that he put in it, the new, the new windows and the new all this stuff. He got me. He got me just so track. And I'm walking to the boat. I'm not, I'm not, my mind is just completely elsewhere. Can I expect to see Randy Moss? No, I didn't expect any of it. And so like, if you ever want to set up a nice surprise birthday party, reach out to Hollis, man. Yeah. Hollis cabinet. He will, he will, he will make it special for whoever is involved. It's like a mafia. You were like, you're a big pussy going out on the boat. It could have been. It could have been bad for me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you, what was it the first time that you met Randy? How old were you at the time? I was 14. 14. And then what, how long did it take the two of you to, to form like a little bond? I think you'd have to ask Randy that I was already in love with him. It was love at first sight for me. Yeah. You know, you couldn't tell me he wasn't my best friend. From the time I met him, you know, I worked with the receivers. So I was with him for two hours a day, three hours a day, every day. I ran a camp. I ran the, ran the irons. I watched his car. So I would have, I would have probably had an inflated view of what I thought our relationship was. And I was just, to him, I was just a little snidey nose kid that was always asking them questions, right? But then he allowed me to use his car for my, my prom a few years later and he would come to my high school games and he wore a size 14 and he was, I wore a size 14. And so he would give me, he had the new Jordan contract. So he had all the shoes, like all the, the one off sneakers that he didn't want, he would have given to me. And so I thought I was the coolest dude. I saw, I thought Randy was my guy. Yeah. And so it was, it was a, it was a really, really special, special period growing up to be able to do that job. Yeah. When did you first become the ball boy? Probably two years earlier. Okay. So were you, when you were 12, were you telling people like, Hey, I'm going to play in a league someday where people laughing at you? Absolutely not. I, I mean, I was like every other kid, I was, that was, those were aspirations, but to, to be crazy enough to think that I was going to be able to do it. And you know, it was, it was, that's outlandish, but what I did know that I had a huge strategic advantage of everybody else because I got a chance to watch Chris Carter, you know, one of the best to ever do it. And I would get to go watch the scrimmages when they would go to, you know, scrimmage the, the Kansas City Chiefs who were in Wisconsin also. And then I got a chance to go watch them when they scrimmaged against the New Orleans Saints, who were also in Wisconsin. So I got to pick up on all these work ethic and nuanced things that they were doing. I saw how they ate. I saw they would get massages, you know, every couple of days at training camp. And so I was able to implement a couple of those things at a very young age that I think gave me, you know, a leg up on the competition. But you know, so many things have to bounce your way to be able to have that come to fruition. You know, Chris, after practice, you would catch those jugs balls and he would probably catch a hundred and fifty every day. And I caught a lot of balls, not like, like they were running route, they would catch it and I would run to them and I would catch it. Or, you know, Mitch Burger was the punter during special teams period, I would go catch the punts. Gary Anderson would do kick offs or on side kicks and I would catch those balls and I would spot them, you know, during seven on seven team, inside run, two minute drill, I was spotting the ball. So I was handling the ball hundreds of times a day, like in terms of catching it, like that was throwing it specifically to me, maybe 50. I would have one of the other ballboys throw me some balls and I would catch them. It just dawned on me. You're the greatest ballboy of all time. I don't know about that. Yeah. I mean, how could anyone argue differently? No, you have the best hands of any ballboy that's ever ballboy. There was a guy that I came to me and told me, he's the CEO of Fortune 500 Company. He used to be a ballboy. Okay. So I think he's. There's no way his hands are better than yours. No, but I think his life might have turned out better. Okay. No, I don't think so. I'm talking strictly in terms of like catching the ball, the job of a ballboy, you were the greatest ballboy that has ever ballboyed. I would say you could put me in the conversation. Okay. Because we don't know who else is out there, but I would say you could definitely put me in the conversation. I'd be retired from being a ballboy because that would be a great next chapter. Yeah. That I definitely have retired from that, but you know, man, you know, who else was a ballboy for us? You remember Troy Walters? Yeah. Blint the car for war winner. I Stanford played in NFL for I think eight years played with us played for the Colts. He was a ballboy for the Vikings too. So he was like big bro. I was watching him do his thing and you know, I saw him go off to college and ball at Stanford. And so like he said a high standard. The bar was high. So that there needs to be like a book on the ballboy room for the Vikings in the late 90s. Yeah. That's incredible. It's like the coaches from the Green Bay Packers in like the early 90s. Yeah. That's what you had going on here. That do you do you also like when you're when you're practicing football? Do you pay attention to the ball boys? Do you like judge them? Absolutely? Not judge them But I always would have conversation with them even when we were planning as other teams that I would always We're great at UN how school position you playing and because the guys did that to me I remember we were playing against the Detroit Lions This was in like 97 and Barry Sanders the Lions have won the coin toss This is back when the like teams actually like took the ball They didn't defer and they took the ball and I remember Scott Mitchell was standing next to Herman Moore and Johnny Morton Lomas Brown And and Barry was standing right next to me and I was just like I was just like awestruck cuz it was Barry Sanders And he looked he looked at me and said hey, how you doing? I said, I'm doing great. Mr. Sanders. He said how do you you know I'm 13 said what position do you plan say I play why receivers? I love the way you I love the way you play He was like, thank you. Thank you. Hope today is a good day as well And he ran off on the field like he was like the most gentle kind nice guy and remember doing it singing Steve Young and Jerry Rice and Same thing with like I remember when Dallas Cowboys came and played Monday night football and Michael Irving like slapped My hand as he came off to you know the field and Emma Smith get this month You know like it was it was some really cool experience with a child. Yeah, it's really and then you got image Smith Was your teammate right and it was my teammate 2004. He technically was involved in my first catch Right was a flue flicker. He took the hand off pissed it back to Josh McCown and Josh McCown to do it to me And and I got to catch my first catch was on the knee It's Williams who's a Hall of Famer too So like it was it was a it was an interesting play, you know for the first play of the season to be called but you know It was it was nice to get it started that way. Yeah, it's a cool. All right, so I Know we know you well enough Larry just from everything you're the epitome of class and you're not gonna say a bad thing about anyone The quarterbacks that's where you touchdowns Some of them maybe weren't Hall of Famer's themselves. Can you name every quarterback that's where you touched down? No, I think there's 16 no and no and I tried this before and I failed miserably and I don't want to I don't want to be disrespectful to anybody that I didn't I didn't name 16 quarterbacks Two of them only through two career touchdowns and you were one of the two and then two of them only through one career touchdown And you were the only one That's pretty crazy. Yeah a quarter of the quarter of the quarterbacks through your touchdown. They only touchdown They threw that was a max Hall and Richard Bartle. I didn't even know those were real names. Yeah, but that they threw their only ones Rich Bartale and and Max Hall both of them great dudes. They worked their sales off man. They did yeah Yeah, and then Brian Saint Pierre had two total and John Navarre had two total and one of them lead to you. Yeah See this is a really nice what he's saying. Yeah What quarterback through the most catchable ball? I mean Kurt was Kurt was very accurate with this with this ball placement, you know So as soon as you come out of your break it would be like right there like Hit you in your forehead. I mean he was so accurate with it And so and he didn't have like this crazy arm strength like like, you know Some guys when they have really strong arms, they throw it really hard and Kurt was you know more anticipatory with how he would place it And so it was really pretty easy to catch, you know, it never like tearing your hands up or dislocating your fingers I mean you just didn't drop passes. It didn't matter who was throwing the ball I did my famous stat of like to tack you have more tackles than then drops over the course if you're in 41 41 tackles 29 drops It's kind of that's that's you got to be the only guy to have that stat, right? Oh, no, it's Chris Carter. Also. He always reminds me that he's also it's not as big of a gap, but he still has more Tacos than he has drops. Do you remember every drop do they haunt you? No, I haven't I had an innate ability to be able like just to put it put it away, you know, like obviously I wanted to understand The mechanics behind the issue like what did I do from a fundamental standpoint that I need to improve on to not let this happen again? I wanted to know that but I didn't necessarily need to Like harp on her and watch I think they're having the ability to forget and just be able to okay. It happened I need to figure out why it happened and now I'm moving on to the next is a skill set that I think is necessary Especially in sports, you know, you need to be able to have a short memory. Yeah, were you Was there ever a point in your career? You were like felt like you were in the zone like everything Was just I know that we just said to you you dropped 29 passes So it could be your entire career, but like for example I don't think you get enough credit for that playoff run in 2008 where I think I have the stats here You had seven touchdowns five hundred and forty six yards and thirty receptions in one playoff run That feels like it was in the zone was that just like everything near you just just throw me the ball I got it. Yeah, I felt I felt good and I also think my youthfulness Didn't allow me to understand the magnitude of the moments also, you know what I mean? Like it's when you're doing it the first time you're like, oh, I'm a I'm gonna be back here every year Like this is this is what I do right? Like this is kind of the mindset and then you know as you get older Actually, you get a little bit tighter because you know how hard it is to get to these places and You're really harping on all the little things and like micromanaging it as opposed to when you're in your early 20s And you think you're gonna be able to do it forever And this is something that's gonna happen I think you kind of Dismissed the magnitude and so I think that was a magical time You know, I had great teammates great support and I also had youth on my side where I didn't understand just how big it was Yeah, yeah also in that playoff run I I think you should get credit for one more tackle because I think James Harrison was down at the one -inch line. I Think and quam. I think and for a role should get credit for tackling me on the sideline because if I wouldn't have ran into Antrell on the sideline, I would have definitely got James down or attempted to I swear to you man when I got to James It was like Trying to move a refrigerator by yourself. It just doesn't happen, you know, and I Mean that dude is made of granite. Yeah, I mean she's Still still made a granite. Yeah, I do think I think he was down. I I'm sure you've watched the replay before I think I think he was down. I think I think I like to think he was down and I also like to think that That's Antonio didn't have both feet. Yeah Like to fantasize about that. Yeah It's never fun to be able to fantasize that you know when I'm around Ben and he has his ring with him You know because then the fantasy ends pretty quickly. Yeah Yeah, does he like to remind you did he carry his ring around? No, no, no Ben's my man I love Ben we came in the same class and oh four and Play a lot of golf together and always been a big fan of Ben's. How is the how's the golf game? depends on the day depends on the day, but Decent like I'm a six handicap, you know, I'm not gonna go out there shooting the 60s and And frequently gonna shoot in the 90s, you know, I keep it keep it cool. I'm play fast and You play fast because I heard I heard you talk about your game And you said that there's you didn't get in a whisper rock because you might be too slow No, I wasn't because I was too slow is because I was so poor it got up at the time I just started in 2013 was when I first started playing and I got a chance to play With the czar there and he told me I couldn't I couldn't be a member there because you were not good enough until I got better This so fun fact whisper rock actually has out of all the clubs in America has the lowest aggregate Handicap and they take they probably take that series. So it's like a 7 .8. I think I like last I checked, you know, but when you have JJ spawn and Max Homa and and Phil Mickelson and Kevin Strillman and like you just go down the list of all the guys who are Tour car carriers. It's pretty impressive and then you just have a bunch of really good players like Mark Mulder who's here and Patrick Peterson and you know guys who can just flat out Golf their ball, you know, so it's it's fun to be around that. Yeah I'm gonna get you to talk shit about something. Do you still hate West Virginia? Absolutely. Okay. Good. Yeah. Yeah Yeah, what was your record against West Virginia? Oh and two shit. I didn't mean I actually didn't know I did No, no, no, it's it is what it is I mean it you are what your record says to you is the problem with the backyard brawl and Pit vs. West Virginia is each shit pit just rhymes. It does so that's like it just you guys are already at a disadvantage You know, I mean like what do you do with that? I mean, but we understand that's all they can memorize though It has to run for the Like WVU degrees like it's worth about as much as a cup of water out of Lake Tahoe Yeah, what do you do with it? I love it. It's crazy. They don't have any fluoride in the water Have you seen their tea? Yeah, it's crazy. They don't have a dentist in the whole state I like this. I knew I'd get to go with that the it is nuts Pit might have like in terms of you know, you obviously have the Alabama's USC's Some of these schools miss you stop you there. We do have the best you guys do you have like the like the fact that You have some of the best between you Dan Marino Aaron Donald Jimo covert Like there's so many guys. There's like those are some of the best NFL players of all time all came from pit like if you if you really Outside of maybe USC Like, if you just go position by position, you know, Russ Grimm, Jumbo Covert, Mark Steph Noxie, Joe Flacko, General Rivas, General Rivas, Aaron Donald, you know, Hugh Green. Like if you just go man for man with any college, any team, like, we have a, we have a stake if possibly being the best. Yeah. In my opinion. Yeah. No, I agree. It's not something basically different, but I like our chances. It's not looking at the entire, like, roster of who's gone there. So we were talking beforehand. We got to make a bet. Your son plays for Notre Dame. Yeah. I'm a badger. We're playing week one, Labor Day weekend. First of all, how did your son not go to Pitt? Uh, he, I mean, I try not to get into the recruiting port of it, you know, I'm not forcing him to do it. I love, I love mom and mom, I'm still a pitman through and through, but, you know, he felt like there was a better fit for him and Notre Dame and I respected that. My dad wanted me to go to Ohio State. My mom really wanted me to go to Notre Dame, but I felt when I was at University of Pittsburgh, there was something, something inside of me that was like, this is where you should be. And, you know, I always try to follow my intuition and like things worked out. And so he kind of felt like that we got back on the visit. He was like, dad, I think I found my people and I think I found my place. And I was like, you know, tell me more, you know, you kind of went down the checklist that he was running through and I said, Hey, that's how you feel. Like, I think you should, you should make that decision. Yeah. All right. So we got to make a bet. You're not giving me any points? I mean, you went there. It's a 19 point spread. It's actually it's 20 and a half. It's 20 and a half. No, but I'm just saying, no, like have a little pride though. I mean, I have, I have pride, 20 and a half is a lot of points. It's Wisconsin though. Okay. All right. It's a home game for give me, give me like, give me, give me 13 and a half points. I'll take a discount. We'll make it fun. 13 and a half points. That's, I'm giving you seven points. Okay. All right. 4 ,000. Here's, no, here's where we're going to bet. So, so for a thousand bucks, I'll donate a thousand dollars to your charity. Okay. I don't want your money. I want a official Arizona Cardinals letterhead, no letter Larry Fitzgerald retiring from the NFL. I can't do it. That's crazy. Why can't you do that? I'm a free video studio. I'm a free video studio. Is I Larry Fitzgerald officially retired from the NFL where we won't publish it anymore. We'll take it. Just put it on. Yeah. You don't have to file it. Yeah. We'll just, we'll just put it. We'll frame it and we'll put it in our studio. It'll be part of, you know, this podcast history. All right. That's fair. Okay. All right. 13 and a half points. $1 ,000. You got any good John Stockwell stories from me? John Stockwell was a legend. Yes. You ever seen him lay down on the street and he rated it, throwing up on his shoes. Did you see anything? Staco was a, Staco was a legend. They were, I mean, we, we had a run of like really good college quarterbacks. They didn't go on playing the pros, but Staco was, he was the man. He's my high school quarterback, Academy of Holy Angels and he could spin it. Great athlete. He could play baseball. He was great at basketball. He was just all around phenomenal athlete. You, you have, you're a really good pickleball player, right? I don't know if I would say really good, but I can hold my own. I would definitely, I would, I'm a four, four, close to four, five, I will wear you out though. Close to four, five. I will give you that work. Wait, hold on. We got, we got, we got, we got, we got. I don't have a duper rating. I'm just telling you. Hold on. Hold on. Are you better at pickleball or golf? I would probably say pickleball. Yeah. But if you were to trade, would you be better at golf than pickleball? He's going to pick up. Who is it? It's our, it's our headed security. Mike. We're interviewing Larry Fitzgerald right now, and I asked him about his pickleball game, and I asked him for his number. What's the number thing you guys do? It's called duper. The duper. He said, he said he's a four, and then he was like maybe a four and a half. Do we believe him? Can't tell. Okay. So, so he's probably a four. He's probably more like a four. Okay. Okay. So you could work him. He sounds like he's in the senior division. No, no. Mike's Mike's still running around. He's ready to go. All right. I actually, I actually played today. Oh, there we go. There we go. All right. Thank you. He's in 70 and over club. Do you have a partner? I play. I play with whoever. I play mostly singles though. He plays mostly singles. We'll pickleball. Okay. I play with security's. NYPD cop. Okay. That island and he like if you say you like pickleball, he'll just immediately start grilling you and like you don't really play pickleball. It's not real. You don't have your duper. So wait. So what other sports were I would assume you were just good at every single sport? I play baseball, racetrack, I play basketball, I play football. So what in high school basketball were you just yammin' on people? Yeah, I was more of a defensive stopper. I didn't shoot a great. Yeah. But I was a slasher. I could dribble, penetrate, finish. I was always guarding the best player on the team. So I felt like I was solid. Yeah. So it was always football. That was the one sport that you locked in on. Yeah. And most things recruited me to play defense too. So I played free safety linebacker. And yes, Wisconsin actually recruited me to play defense. Did that? Yeah. I mean listen, that's actually great scouting. You have more tackles than you did. Good point. You're really good at tackling. Good point. I mean, Matt Brown. Did Matt Brown recruit Andrew Luck, Johnny Manziel, and Robert Griffin to be safeties? Yeah, that wasn't surprising me. Yeah. He just loved defense. Are you going to be president one day? President of my HOA, possibly. Of the United States? No. Just Senator? No, no, none of that. No assets, zero aspirations to be a zero. Zero aspirations. I think when we were talking about your alleged retirement, I was like, I think he'll probably end up in Congress at some point. No. No. No aspirations at all for any of that. No aspirations. You're happy with, you've got so many different things going on, I know that you've got investments across the board. Politics is a full, full contact sport. Way more physical than football ever was. And you know, when you get into religion and politics, you 100 % will not have a consensus on anything. And yeah, that's not something I want to throw my hat in the ring for. Yeah. Probably a smart move on your part. Yeah. Does it sound like a whole lot of fun? No. Permission to ask an inappropriate question? I think I know what the question is going to be. I would say, can I ask? Yeah, I'm going to ask you what, what, at what point in your life did you realize you have a fat ass? And that's all due respect. You didn't think I was going to ask that? I don't even know that that is not what I thought was that I did not. I did not. I thought you were going to ask me like when I was going to cut my hair, you know, I So you don't want to answer the question, but you do know, I don't know how to answer it. You have a whole I've been the same guy my entire life. Okay. All right. That's a good answer. Yeah. Powerful. Yeah, it is the power. It's the power house of everything. Your teammates dump truck. I had a quote from your teammate, Drew Stanton. He said he's so strong in the lower half of his body. And you can see it out at practice because he wears tights instead of uniform pants. So you know, you were in the lulu lemon. Yeah. No, I like the word of tights. It's me more flexibility, mobility. Yeah. All right. So here's a less weird question because I hit you with the weird one that I can go like, you know, take it back a little. Are you in the hall of fame of like guys that should be just fat, middle aged white Irish dudes, but aren't your name is like Larry Fitzgerald. Do you ever get confused for it? You show up? No, not not really. I guess you're the one I do go to Ireland. They always show me love. Yeah. Really. Fitzgerald. Yeah. Multiple generations. I love it. Was that was the ask question to inappropriate? No, I don't. I don't know what you feel like is in bounds and what's out of bounds. Yeah. Okay. What's your secret? Secret. Yeah. Like what's your, what's your workout routine for the Dumper? I think it's more, it's more genetics than it is anything. Yeah. I want to apologize part of the show and why I think it's successful is we're really just trying to make this guy uncomfortable and he's super uncomfortable right now. So like it's less about you and it's more making him squirm to the point that he just wants to be anywhere but here right now. Would you like to apologize too? So speaking of youngsters that are owed an apology, he was a Philadelphia Eagle youngster. Would you like to apologize to him about what you did to his team in the playoffs? You're from Philly. Right next slide for a vote there. Really? Yeah. Really? Where'd you go? Comestoga. Comestoga. Nice. Nice. No, Philly's broke in some hearts with some people over the years. I think they got in their get back. Yeah. I think they got in their get back. Yeah. You definitely, you broke them down pretty good in the playoffs. Are you happy about the AJ Brown move? Brown's a really good football player, but something that had to be done. So really? Something that has to be done. I can't say I'm happy about not having AJ Brown anymore, but I think we got some value for it for a situation that was never going to be remedied, so. I think Lemon's going to be a really good player. Yeah. I'm very excited about it. Lemon's going to be a really good player. Who's your favorite wide receiver right now in the game to watch? Oh, I'm going to ask a tough question. I wouldn't say this person is my favorite, but I respect and admire the heck out of him about how he goes about his business, and that's how I'm around St. Brown. Yeah. He can play outside the numbers. He can play inside the numbers. That dude throws his body around in a run game. He's fierce. He's competitive as hell. Breaking tackles. Great leader. And one thing that I've noticed about him too is that he's got a really good talented receiver, and Jamie's Williams on his team. And whenever Jamie's has big games, he's the first one there to show love. He's obviously ultra competitive, but he does not put what he wants to achieve in front of the success of the team. And I think that's really a great testament to the kind of guy he is. He's selfless. Yeah. And I vibe with that. Yeah. I think you would be described that way by a lot of people too with your career being a selfless guy. But I also think that if you're as good as you were, you probably had some, like I'm always open tendencies, right? Like all the great ones too. No, I was never disillusioned. Like there was times that I obviously the ball didn't come that I thought it should have been there. But you know, when you play with guys like Anticoim Bolden, you know, DeAndre Hopkins, like these guys are immensely talented and gifted. And they deserve to have their, you know, fair share and their targets and right. But it also makes you hone your own skills much more because, you know, you want to let the team know and the people know that you're just as capable and you can do damage the same way. But I think just being able to manage your ego in a way where it's not disruptive to the org and what the main objective is. I think it's the biggest thing that you have to be able to manage. I think you and DeAndre Hopkins had a great connection on that one play where he goes down early. You come in from the sidelines, pitches the ball to you. You sprint to the referee, hand him the ball to clock it with like two seconds left of the game. You're probably the best at that. Like getting the ball. That's the ball boy. Yeah. That's the ball boy. Yeah. Ball boy coming back to me. But I feel like I was always keenly aware of like where we were, what we needed, what the situation was, like all of those things, you know, like I would even do things like let's say we were in the two -minute drill and it was an explosive play and one of our offense alignment was down, right? Most people were panicked. Like I would just go in and play guard, right? And this, obviously we needed to have, you know, seven people on the line of scrimmage and I would like, you know, my mind was just thinking if those things happened or the quarterback got hit, I needed to take the snap and spike it or, you know, what are those type of things I always felt like I was ready for. I knew it. And, you know, I tried to be like an extension of what the coaches were looking for on the field. Yeah. It was your, your favorite coach to play for. I mean, I have a pretty good relationship and had a good relationship with most of my coaches. I did. You know, everybody, all the coaches are different. They, the relationships are different, but, you know, I respect all the men that I work for. Really. I don't have a bad word to say about any of my head coaches I've ever, I've ever played for. Yeah. What about, what about Bruce Sarien's? I got a lot of love for coach. I love, I love B .A. Yeah. A lot of coach. Yeah. He's a straight shooter. He's like, you never have to wonder what he's thinking or how he's feeling. And, you know, it's nice to be able to, to have a coach who's, he's, he is a, an offensive football savant. Like that dude is his ability to dial up the plays that he would call at the time that he would call him. That's a gift from God that he has, like he's, he's by far the, the best I've ever seen, like situational football, like knowing the exact right play to have the bright personnel on the right, on the right hash, like that's, that's like manna from, from, from the heavens, you know, to be able to have that type of skillset. Was it fun playing for him to where you know, like he's going to take a shot? Yes. Like he, you're going to get your shots because I think it's frustrating for fans and probably for players too, when you play on an offensive system where it's like, they're not going to try to take shots and take the top off. That was what I love watching Bruce Arians. Like, you know, the shots are coming and he's going to keep hitting them because if all you got to do is hit one of them and you can change the game. You never had to worry about getting opportunities, get like, honestly, he was, he was, he wanted eight explosives a game and he was going, he was going to take 10 to 12 shots, right? That's just what he was going to do. And it kept teams honest because it allowed them, allowed you to be able to make a lot more intermediate plays because the threat of the overtop was always present. Did you ever, did you know that he drank paint as a kid? Drink paint. Yeah, he drank paint. No, I had no idea. He thought it was milk. Well, yeah, he saw that like if you drink milk, you're going to grow up to be big and strong. And so his, his parents were painting the house and they had this just big tub of paint. And he went out, he said that looks pretty good. It looks like milk. Yeah. He drank paint, then he had to get a stomach pumped and they sent him home and then he tried to drink it again. And they had to pump his, pump a stomach. That's your coach, which probably actually the most healthy thing he's ever drank in his life. Yeah. He drank paint. Yeah. I had no idea about that. Yeah. We made a song about it and everything. Yeah. You know, he had more rushing touchdowns at Virginia Techton, Mike Vic. Dead serious. Are you serious? Yeah. That's wild. Yeah. That's wild. He's the original dual threat quarterback. He's an all -time football guy. Yeah, he is. He is. All -time football guy. Was there ever a time in your career where you came close to leaving Arizona? Not on my own volition, but I know I was involved in some trade rumors a couple of different times, but obviously I had no say so on that, but I never felt like I wanted to leave. You know, I got tired sometimes of losing, but you know, the grass is not always greener. You know, on the other side, as Tom Moore would say, the grass is green is next to the set to tank. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. Are you familiar with Arizona Cardinals superfan Cortez? He's a guy who wears full helmet. He's got Cortez on his helmet. Yeah, I have seen. Did you ever look up to him for inspiration during a game? I can't say that I have. Okay. All right. Okay. I appreciate the fan. He'll probably be in Canton honestly with the helmet on. I doubt it. No, if you see him, I've got to shout him out. If I do see him, I'll definitely go show him some love. Listen, he's, he's, he's one of those guys. He's not in it for like, I don't even think he has social media. He's not in it for the fame. He's just, he's going to strap up the pads when the boys strap up the pads and he's ready to go on Sunday. That's just a faculty Cortez. I love it. I love it. All right. Zach, you want to come up? Row back question. R H O B A C K dot com promo code take 20 % off the first purchase q zips polos hoodies joggers shorts. Row back .com promo code take. Larry, this has been awesome, man. We really, really appreciate it. You've been on our bucket list for a while. We, like you've been, we saw you playing pickleball with Trent and Frankie and like, man, we got to get Larry on. He's, he's going to get a taste. They're not very good at pickleball. Yeah. Well, you aren't either. According to security guard. You're right. It's all relative. All right. Zach, go ahead. I'll do the new Larry. I had a quick question for you. I was curious kind of on both spectrum to this question. You're enough for a game on a Sunday. You're looking across the line of scrimmage. Who was like the one, one guy, you know, was just going to, you have to earn every yard. And like, if you're going to make the catch, he's going to really make you work for it. And then maybe the one, one guy of like, you cut, maybe woke up a little later in the morning and had to prep so much for it would be kind of sweet, like your hardest competition on field. And then maybe like a kind of a gimme game on a Sunday. Our part about the last, the latter part of that is like if the guy was a, I thought he was a gimme, he probably wasn't going to be in the league very long. Like, if somebody's getting feasted on, they're not going to be around long. Like it's just, it's just not, that doesn't, it's not how it works, you know, they're trying to plug the gap. So there's nobody that comes to mind that was, that was like weak that I felt like was a Olympian gazelle on the Serengeti, you know, every time I played him. But the guy that messled my sleep patterns for sure was a camp chancellor. He's a Virginia Tech guy, played for Seattle. And you know, obviously they have Richard Sherman, who will be a Hall of Famer. They got Bobby Wagner, who'll be a Hall of Famer, real Thomas will be a Hall of Famer. And Cam Chancellor, I don't know if his numbers will support him being a Hall of Famer, but that guy was the heart and soul of that defense and that defense went with him. He called the plays. He inspired, he held guys accountable, like that dude was a man's man and that's not somebody you want to cross, you know, and I don't want to cross them. Good question. Good question. I think we're time. Yeah, we can follow up. We are here at Lake Tahoe for the American Century Championship. Last couple of years, a game of golfery blowing up and you see some discourse online, maybe some unoriginal, maybe not some, the most historical golf practices that guys say, maybe shrink the game a little bit. Some instances you see on the course that not everyone agrees with is, if it's hard with you, I'd like to run through a couple examples and see if you'd rather shrink these options on the course or maybe expand them and see more of it. Okay. First one, we're going to go with. two speakers in the court? I am OK with them, just depending on where we are. All right, so if I'm down at El Dorado at a Discovery property, let loose. People are playing with no shoes on. You got no shirts having a good time. There's a place for it. But if I'm at Seminole, right, or I'm at Cypress Point or Pine Valley, that's not really where that really makes a lot of sense and it's not a part of the game. And so I understand that young people want to go out and have a good time and also understand there's prestigious places that just is not allowed. So I'm good with either. All right, what are we thinking about a club that covers on the irons? When Aaron Rye explained why he did it, I wanted to go get some iron covers. Your dad spent his last to be able to get you something really nice and to see a kid appreciate the effort of his parents, like that means something. And so like I love the fact that he keeps them. You know, that's something I respect and admire. So I'm good with that. Couldn't agree more, yes sir. And then last one, what are your thoughts on teeing up the ball in your second shot in the fairway? No. I would prefer to be able to, you know, get a club loon drop out of a divot before you're able to tee it up in the fairway. All right, thank you for your time, Larry. Yeah, and Zach's also a chess player. I know you play, how many games of chess do you play per day? Who's a chess player? Zach, Zach, well, chess. He's saying that very loosely. No, no, he plays, no, he's on chess .com. Thank you. Thank you for being on our platform. He's an early investor. Yeah. How many games do you play per day? Blitz probably 10, like five minutes or less. And then I always have played three or four games going same time. I usually go to sleep playing puzzles, you know. Yeah. Working on my openings, it's a fun game. It's one that you never master. It's like golf. You can play like you saw Scottie Scheffler a couple of weeks ago, shoot, shoot, you know, 60. And he was like, man, there's a couple I left out there. You're like, really, like you're never satisfied. And chess is the same way. Yeah, he's actually a pretty good player. If you're doing 10 games a day and puzzles before bed, we'll probably never be queued up together. But that's very impressive. Well, Larry, thank you so much for doing this, man. We really appreciate it. And I look forward to getting your signed official retirement when the badger shocked the world. That's not going to happen. I'm hopefully going to go to the game. So we'll meet up at the game. All right. But yeah, the funniest possible outcome is the badgers lose by 10. Yeah. And you win the bet. Yeah. Yeah, I win the bet. And then you're like, but we won the game. No, but that doesn't count. I still lose, though. Yeah, no, I know. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, you'll be happy for your son. Yeah. How many how many different NFL players sons are on Notre Dame? It's like, I know, Jerome Bettis, right? Jerome Bettis, we have Bryce Young. Brian Young's son. We have Plasico Burris, his son. It's Michael Finley, Caden Finley. We have James Flanagan, his dad playing the league for a little bit. Yeah, so Marcus Freeman believes in pedigree. Yeah. Yeah, that's a pretty unique environment in college football. Wisconsin does not have much pedigree. Mm -hmm. Yeah. The Evans. His son does not come with it. Oh, yeah, yeah, where I was singing wire series. Listen, the Watts, we got to get the Watts to go. Oh, of course. Oh, Jim Sorgi's son. Actually, just signed. OK. Yeah. So I don't know if you ever heard of him. Of course. Who hasn't? Backed up Peyton for a long time. I know. I'm a Super Bowl fan of Jim Sorgi. I know. Yeah. Pretty nice. Where's Joe Thomas's kids? Do we need to get him? Yeah, listen, where the Watts boys are? I know. I tell you, the Watts brothers got to start getting more kids going. You know what it's sad is that the Watts brothers would have never been at Wisconsin in today's day and age. I know. I mean, because I'm not JJ Transfered in. What do you go to Western? He went to Central Michigan and then transferred. But then, you know, he'd have come on the scene and he would have had eight sacks the first year and he'd have been at Ohio State. TJ would have gotten so much money. Yeah, he would have been. Although those guys are different. They might have stayed loyal. They're they're they're loyal now. Yeah. But like when it's your first, you know what I mean? That's right. It's a fair point. You got to get the first one. You know, yeah, it's a different game. No, it's a different game. It's a different game. Well, Larry, thank you so much, man. Thank you. Thank you for having me. Our Fest of the Week is going to be brought to you by our great friends over at Neutrophil. It's Tahoe Week. We are fully embracing a summer reset. And if your hair is not performing like it used to the summer, the move is not wearing a hat. It's addressing the root cause. Neutrophil works on the inside out. It's backed by real credentials. It's the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand. It's used by over one and a half million people. Neutrophil has formulas built for men at different life stages. Neutrophil men for guys 18 to 49. And the new Neutrophil Men 50 Plus, which is the first product of its kind, specifically made for men over 50. Address the key root causes of thinning. It's wherever you're at in life. Grow visibly thicker, fuller hair in three to six months. It's the official hair growth partner of Major League Baseball. These guys, these are guys who perform at the highest level and they trust Neutrophil to stay on top of their hair game. Start Neutrophil today. Make the hat optional. Visit Neutrophil .com, promo code PMT. Get 10 bucks off your first month subscription and you get free shipping. Find out why Neutrophil is the best selling hair growth supplement brand at neutrophil .com, N -U -T -R -A -F -O -L dot com, promo code PMT. Neutrophil .com, promo code PMT. Okay, Firefest of the Week, Henry, you're up. Yeah, I got a few. I got like the last couple of weeks I got to get through. Okay. First one, the Delente brothers, like some fallout after we recorded the podcast. Delente Island. After the Jalen Brown Emergency podcast. Oh, what happened? I, that day, I think I went back after we recorded, I took a little nap, woke up around noon and then I was walking into the bar to like get some food at the pool. And I just hear double D like, whatever this guy wants, put it on my tab. He's the only guy I was sitting at the bar. So I go - That's a nice move? Yeah, nice move. I go into - Double D's. I sound like a Firefest at all. I go, I go into the next home and he's all just smiling. Like kind of gives me like one of these like. You don't like to be touched. No, I don't like to be, I don't like when you touch me. And then he was like, when's the pod coming out? And I thought it was more just like here, you know, like what's, how's your workday going? I'm like, I don't know. Might be out now. Like we recorded it a few hours ago. Like it'll be coming out later this afternoon. He's like, okay, yeah, I spent my whole morning listening to like every other Boston sports. Like podcast was like, oh, you don't care about the podcast coming out. Like you just want to listen. Like he was like a fiend. Like when's like you got some of that pod? Like you got any of that pod guy. So hold on, just pause real quick. So thus far, double D paid for all your drinks and is a die hard AWL. Yeah, it's good. Sounds like a, well, it sounds like one of the greatest guys I've ever had. So we recorded the podcast. I fell asleep and woke up and was just like, this is the literally the last first person I want to be dealing with this morning. You paid for your breakfast, your lunch and your drinks. No, just one drink. And then he paid for your salary by listening to the pod. Yes. Yeah. What else do you want? Okay. This is my fire fest. So you also forgot the part where we were eating lunch and he saw that we were eating lunch from across the pool. No, this is a start coming over with a shit eating grin and my mom catches him on the way over and she's like, let him eat lunch. Let him eat lunch. And he turns around like a little kid that just got like yelled at going back to his seat at the pool. Yeah, that was awesome. And then yeah, Max, Max went away and I was at the pool later and I get double D comes up to me from my like on land. And he's like, he only hits you from land. So you went from spicy and by the way. And I stand up and he's like, you know, again, like making fun of me about the John Brown thing. Then his brother comes up to me by sea, like in the pool behind me. So I'm like standing facing one brother and then from the other, like behind me. But the ones that brothers did D -day to you. Yeah. And then you know, it gets better. Next six year old daughter gets out of the pool, like by, you know, storming the beach of Normandy and then just comes up and was like bing bong hanky and then like jump back in the pool. And so they are literally seal team 76. Yeah. Yeah. That's incredible. It was just it was like it was it was the worst way to spend that the jail and Brown news day. You could ever imagine if you're a Celtics fan. Fast forward a few days. Max's wedding, beautiful wedding, beautiful ceremony. Nick, his other brother is giving the best man speech. And I think at one point he was kind of, he was like scanning the room. He's like, oh, you know, Max loves sports. And he's like, Hank, yeah, we used to have like Patriots Eagles. Now we got six or Celtics. Like it's kind of a, it was a random shot, but not really a shot. The best man species were late. Nick had a couple drinks. And he was, yeah, he was hammered. But that one was like, you could tell that one was kind of written in like it was like a max of Philly, Philly sport. There was a point in speeches, like make sure you roast Hank. No, that was like written as like a max. I was like kind of like a thrower. He's just like, you know, you're mentioning other people like during the speech. It's a little ribbing. Yeah. Probably five minutes later in the speech. I don't know much how much longer. He's just, he's got, he's just drunk, skating in the room. And he's like, yeah. And you know, uh, thanks over there. Hank, we all know you hate the USA. And then he just moved on. And the next day I was like, what the fuck was that? He's like, oh, yeah, I said you hated USA soccer. I was like, no, you just said USA. So like 90 % of this wedding would was just like what? Wait, but that also this guy hates America. That's not totally wrong. It is totally wrong. It's a little wrong. I love America. I love this country. If we did a if we did an entire if we went to court and we're like, Hey, this guy wants all of our football games abroad. He roots for Dominican Republic. He roots for Cape Verde. He kind of hates America. He hates America and he loves the straight. You're not gonna you guys aren't gonna root for any other team in the World Cup now. I'm just rooting for Messi now that you hate America. No, I'm going to just messy. I'm gonna root for who I put my American currency on. Yeah, I'm not rooting for Argentina. I'm rooting for Messi. That's crazy. I didn't know that was part of being Americans that you couldn't have any also makes of any other countries time out. We are also rooting for these teams now that America is out of the tournament. You rooted for Dominican Republic and Cape Verde when America was still in the tournament. Yeah, I guess again, like I don't think I would like to see what the judge said. If that was your job, definitely side with us. Yeah, I don't think so. Dominican Hank. That guy hates America. So Dominicans hate America? No, no, you specifically, you have a choice for the Dominican Republic against the United States in the tournament. Got it. All right. Yeah, I'd like to see what the judge has to say. Okay, we'll go we'll find a judge. So yeah, that was the wedding part and then leaving the wedding. I left on Sunday, 10 a .m. shuttle from the from Oyster Bay. Beautiful resort. I got to bet. I got to Lake Tahoe Monday night at 10 45 p .m. So it's a 40 hour travel day. I flew to Newark are it was like a transfer. We're going Newark to Chicago, like eight o 'clock flight. That's like got delayed couple hours delayed couple hours, but I'm sitting there watching and you can see the tracker like where's my plane coming from. My plane was in the air going to Newark. So I was like, this plane is going to land. They're going to transfer it over like the pilots are going to have enough time. Midway through that flight, that plane got diverted. So it's like, all right, our flight homes canceled. Try to get a six a .m. flight to get back to Chicago. So I get on the original flights Tahoe. That plane I was checking and then that was from LaGuardia so I had to take a 45 minute Uber from Newark to a different airport in New York just to be like close to the hotel. So just be close to the airport. It's like wake up early right far. I go to bed. It's like 12 30. That flight diverted canceled. So I wasn't getting here with you guys on the PJ then I had to book there was like there was no flights together. I booked a flight to Reno took forever fluda Denver flutarino drove here and the whole time every step of the way. Big catch is texting me being like, Oh, wish you were here. We missed you. We're golfing right now. This is awesome. Again, another good friend move. I think of my friends when they're not around. Hey, can I tell you something? We just reminded me of grit. We could a couple of years ago. I was on the way home. You different made a mistake. Different took it out on me. I was just screwed by the air. Well, the delay screwed you. And I didn't say I didn't up. I just said we're golfing also. I wasn't the only one who said that meme said about 1000 times. Hey, more specifically, it wasn't that it was max that screwed you by getting married and adding you to that very, very, very nice resort that you spent time at. And the fact that they didn't have any flights out on on Friday or Saturday or Sunday like what? When did you fly out? Saturday, Sunday morning, Sunday morning and there were there were no flights out. Max screwed you. I just wished you were there. Wait a great time. So, hey, did I not find us a really good one was did I not wedding was Friday? So you're saying I just don't go to the wedding to get back? No, there would have been. Yeah, there are no flights out on Saturday. You want to save yourself the roasting from double D? Yeah. No, that was Nick Nicky D. Nicky D. So, hey, to be fair, also, while we you would have loved playing golf. So we wanted to keep you updated on our golf round. You like watching people's you want to read some of these textbooks. Okay. All right. So while you read it while you read it, let me let me just mind I'm sleeping in an airport and you guys are like, let me ask two questions, Hank, called me like you didn't know what my situation was. I got confused. That was just confusion. That was on the show. I let me ask you two questions, Hank. One, would you have loved playing golf with us on Monday? Yes. Okay. So where was I wrong on that? Two. Uh, did I not find us a golf round at an incredible exclusive club that I paid for that you never thanked me for two days later? Okay. True. Okay. Oh, I'm sorry. But like, this is wait for this thing. I'm so wired. Thank you. I'm, I'm, I'm fire fest. Thank you. Thanks, big cat. I paid for your golf the other day multiple times. Which one? Thank you. Uh, one, it's in the mirror. It's one at Beverly. Wait, you did not pay a city. I did. I did. I did. pre -book it, dude. I, I've, I've gone in and paid for everyone. I don't ask for thank you. That's just how it goes. No, no, no. We'll have to double check because I pre -book that online and pay online with my credit card. I'll pull up, I'll pull up my statement. Okay. What you do have to do there, because I did that the time we played is you have to go in. If you want to get carts, you have to pay for the carts. Oh, okay. Sorry. I thank you for the cart paid for a four round. It's fine. $130. Sorry. I will pay for that next time. Well, like, yeah, that's how I feel. What do you mean? I'm not going to be demanding. Thank you. No, I, I'm just saying the point of your mat that I, I chirped you a couple of times being like, I wish you had played golf with us on Monday. I found us one of like the most exclusive versus places to play two days later and got us on that course. Well, I'm talking about my, this is my fire fest as I was living it. Like you're talking about like what happened three days later? I was like, I was fucking pissed off all day, but you guys were rubbing it in. I feel like I'm right in the wrong. Hey, we missed the fuck out of you, bro. Who said that? You. Okay, shit. We're all gutted. You won't be golfing with, with us today. Memes were reluctantly is taking your spot. I had to make them. I don't think I was going to be great videos. I can't do a golf video that a golf guy. What else did you say? No one else said anything. Memes did say he was going to be missed 10, a thousand times. Hank, how you doing? That was okay. Checking in. Sorry. I've been in how your travel day is going. Here's saying where's Hank and just going up to everyone saying where here's me telling. Here's me saying, uh, what's the bet tonight? I really want to bet PFTs parlay. Let's turn this shit around. Yeah, you want to take back to that USA thing? Yeah, no, that was good. Yeah. Thank you. I think I said it. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, because that's after the delete a roast. They, they turned you into being a USA fan. They shamed you into it. I had. Should we open a tab with the car? Girl or not? We never played the course. This is all I'm just sitting, literally sitting in a hellscape airport. We had, we had the Hank doll. We took a picture of the Hank doll. I see. I didn't tell you. Oh, yeah. Where's that Hank? That you're just coming after me? I had nothing to do with taking a picture of the Hank doll and sending it to you. But I was just saying like Hank, we love this. You want to, you want to maybe spread this around a little bit? I said memes just said Hank, you would have loved it. I mean, the Hank doll. But you're only coming after me. That no, the Hank, there's the Hank doll. And who sent that? Memes, but like memes. I hate memes. That's not like, there's nothing that memes can do. That's a fair response. I expect that for me. That's a fair response that I actually, I that's very funny and fair. What about PFT? PFT is the one in the Hank doll picture. He's the one who brought the Hank doll. I did not to be fair. I didn't realize I had, I just keep that. You didn't expect that from PFT? I just keep that thing on me. I didn't bring it on your chest to try. I think what we're getting to is like, I we're just such good friends that you and I own that. I'll own that part. I shouldn't have. I own that. These guys are mean to you. I shouldn't have done that. I own that. I actually have turned this around into we're just such good friends and I got to be a better friend. I like that. I actually wouldn't have done the same thing because I know it's like I'm not that much of an asshole, but it was like it just sucks to be stuck in an airport and your friends are rubbing it in your face. But then we had a great call for that. No, I was thinking I was thinking the whole time I was like, remember when Big Cat forgot his passport and freaked out on me? Yeah. I mean, that was also on the way. Because I was existing. I want you to say anything to me. I want you to say anything to me. Hank, can I say, right? But like you were blaming me. I want to give Big Cat a credit situation. I also came clean said I was being a bitch. I want to give Big Cat a credit. All you hopefully will say that to me. I want to give Big Cat credit for one thing. I'm not playing this round of golf as I was as it was on Monday as we're playing this round of golf. I opened up the 18 birdies app and I said, thank you. I think I'm going to because Hank and I are friends on it. I said, I think I should invite Hank to follow along with my round on 18 birdies. I actually would have liked that. Oh, really? Big cats. I said, that was me. That would have been me. And it had nothing to do. That would have been fun to follow. I would have been surfing the whole thing. I said, I said, I think Hank likes to follow when I play, but also you're right. That would be mean. I was like, we're going to yard on this. I would have. I would have liked that. I fucked up everything. But again, literally don't do that. You just get credit for trying to not be a dick. Yeah, I was literally like, hey, no, we've gone too far. We've texted him enough. Like, just leave him alone. I said that to be on the golf course. But you acknowledge you went too far. Thank you. Yeah, I was saying that. Case closed. All right. Anyway, this is all this is all this is all my fire fest as I was living in Monday. How nice is the guard? played on the beautiful part. I'm not even there yet. Lake Tahoe is the best. And like once I was driving here, like Monday night, once I got here, I was like, I'm, it, it, it went away instantly. Like it was 39 hours of hell. But like once I got to Lake Tahoe, I was like, yeah, this place is the best. So it was a tough Monday. Tough Monday's happened. That's the way she goes. But once we got here, it's been great vibes. Also, this was Max's fault. 100%. Delentes. Delentes are a curse. Like I like the brothers. I hope I never see them ever again. Because every time I see them, bad things happen to my teams. That's true. But good things happen to our team. Right. They've done. I don't want to happen. So it's like, yeah, good guys have a good life. Meebs, can you do the Photoshop of Hank on the couch and all the Delentes around him behind him? Thank you. The Hank, how you doing is that? That was just genuine text. I'm reading it back right now. And I'm getting blamed for saying Hank, how you doing? That was a genuine, a text as it gets my text. We were just standing on this beautiful golf course with the beautiful mountains. And I just thought you would have loved it. Yeah. Yeah. That pissed me off a lot. I like, the only text that I was being was the open the tab with the cart. It's also like everything else. I was just actually asking how you do know shit text of all time. Like you could have been at like, you could have been at any course and been like, you would have loved this. Like, I know. And then I just said, hell yes, we missed you at golf. That's not mean. What about the phone call on Sunday night? That was PFT calling you. And you were saying, I was like, I think I asked you, what's up? And then you reminded me that you're stuck. And that was, what was that mean? But we're all gutted. You won't be golfing. Let's say memes where the lectin Lee is taking your spot. Like, no, that one was mean. Yeah. But the other ones, like I did, I was generally asking, how are you doing? I shouldn't get blamed for how are you doing? I still don't, I don't understand. After all the sarcastic texts, like it's all sorry. Like you want me to give a bad update. So you guys can sit there and laugh again. I was, I was mad because I was stuck in an airport. So I was just not every text I was not happy with. That's fair. How was golf on Wednesday? Golf on Wednesday was great. Great. Beautiful course. Great time. Happy we were. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. I owe you everything. How'd you shoot? I shot well, shot 44. It's really good. Striping it. Turn the week right around. We only played nine holes, obviously. Well, you don't have to sit around. We don't want to sit out. We could have an awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Is that it? Anything else? I'm fat again, but that's that is what it is. I didn't expect the old fire against me, but it's I own it. I own it. Not the whole fire. So it was, it was the double D's. And again, that was, it was just, it was, yeah, it was, it was, it was like, it means gets, I like that means gets a pass because he, you expected from him. Well, you're playing rock for me, because I got to play that. And I want some money off PFT. Like it was a good day for me. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of money. That's being what he's doing right now. No, I like, I got this opportunity. Yeah. He's making the most of an opportunity. I would have never played that as well because you weren't there. Yeah. I'll say it. I was pretty. I appreciate how strong you were at the airport because in this, everything moved around. We, a couple of those got to hit the lake and the lake was beautiful. So I appreciate how strong you were in the, in the airport. You're welcome. Hey, I think it's just like one of those situations. You get the Madison, like the people you love the most, you know what I mean? Like the, like you can't, you know that like family can't, they're not, they're not going to get rid of you. Like you can't, you can't break up family. So it's like, you'll get more mad at your siblings or your parents, like they know, than a friend. It's also what's going on right now. It's also like how he hates the double D's. Right. Right. Right. Exactly. It's like, he knows like that you can get mad at that because like, Hey, we're going to be fine. We're going to, we've made it through everything. So we'll be just fine. If anything, you should be concerned because you did send the, you did send the picture of Hank in the, no, no, no, I, I posed for the picture. It was my idea to take the picture. And it was your doll that you can't with you. But memes took the picture and sent the picture. Okay. All right. I did not send it. Yeah. I did ask memes to send me the picture so I could send it to Hank. But then I saw that memes already sent it. I was the only one who said nothing because I did feel personally. We use your foot. Yeah. Yeah. I said nothing. 100%. Hank it. Okay. So now that we've established a bad trip for you. I'm sorry. No, it was a good trip. No, we established it was a great trip. Like after, you know, the, the luxury of time passing a little bit, are you feeling any better about the trade? No, a little bit, but no slight, like, I was feeling absolutely dog shit terrible about it. I would say now it's just dog shit terrible. Like we've, we've gone up, taking away the absolutley. Yeah. One last question, Hank. What time did you get in on Monday night? Uh, 10 45. Was there anything in your room? Like Jacob, Jacob and Colton met me. They got me some laundry detergent so I could do my laundry because I didn't, I obviously didn't, I was supposed to go on Chicago, repack, come here. I just have my wedding, my wedding week, linens and outfits. But we have laundry in our room. So Zach, I mean, Jacob and Colton got me some laundry and they got me some balloons and greasy sticks. Who's idea was that? I didn't know what the card wasn't signed. Oh, they were the ones that stayed up, just took it up in the night and that, that was my idea to get you that stuff. Well, you should, you should attack too. If you had signed the card, I would have said, thank you. I didn't know it was just a card. I assumed it was Jacob and Colton because they were. No, it was Zach. Was it who, who's idea was it to get him that stuff? We were just a messenger. It was a big catch idea too. Oh, thank you. I think them because they were there, but I didn't, in the card wasn't signed. But thank you. You'd be mad. It's matters to the people you love the most. It's fair. I didn't, I didn't know this from you. That's actually why I was most mad at you last year for it because I know that I could be mad at you and we'll be okay. Yeah. I say, we're just doing, we're replay. It's fair. It's all fair. This is all fair game. Yeah. I just didn't rub it in your face. But yeah, I mean, that's how you do it. And we played a great round yesterday. I mean, that, again, you're, you're, I'm just telling you how mad I was Monday. You were acting like we played a great round. You're going to take away how mad I was Monday. I'm not mad. I once I got here Tuesday. You were good. I was good. I saw those balloons. I was just angry. And I, I took PFTs parlay. I really, really wanted to win that bet and I had to watch that game and just, it was, it was Dev State. It feels like now you're just mad. Now you're just turning on me for giving you a bad parlay. You brought up every last several times. Well, I'm just going through my Monday and where my anger was at throughout the day. And early, it was big cat memes late. It was you and this country soccer team. Yes. And the United States. You got you fell back on your old flame to hate the United States. You were mad too. What do you mean? I was mad. I was right matter than you. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe not on Monday. That's true. What's your fire fest PFT? Well, I mean, that's hard to top Hank. That's a, that's a tough fire fest. My fire fest is I accidentally stole a car on Tuesday. So a hand up, that one's on me. We rented two cars from the airport and then we drove them to the hotel. I rode with Big Cat on the way to the hotel. The other guys drove the other car. And so I was in Big Cat's car when we got to the hotel, got out, went out, watched the soccer game, played a beautiful round of golf with memes. And then Tuesday morning woke up, came out here to tip the pod. And I had to pick up the riddle car from the valet at the hotel. So I gave them my last name and they brought the car around. I got in the car. There was nothing in the car drove away, drove up to this, this beautiful recording space that we have here, got out, recorded an entire episode of part of my take. And then got back into the car to drive to the golf course where we filmed a golf video as we got to that golf as we get to the car to leave from here. We started looking for Max was it your set of clubs? Golf clubs. You started looking for Max's golf clubs in the back of the rental car that I had. And there were nowhere to be found. And then we stood around and I said, this might not be our rental car, because it was the same make and model different color. The rental car that we did get was white. The one that they gave me at the valet was like a dark gray. And so we just sat around thinking to ourselves, like, is this, did they give me the wrong car? And then I asked big cat, I was like, is this, is this the wrong car that we have? And big cat said, I was going to say something. I don't think that's the right car. Yeah, I was the whole time. I was like, I feel like it was a white car, not a dark green car, but I also watched you like, I watched the valet give you a piece and you walk confidently. So I was like, maybe I misremembered it. Yeah. So I go back to the car and I drive it back to the hotel. And all the valet guys are waiting for me at the front. I was like, I think I got the wrong car. And they're like, yeah, you definitely have the wrong car. By the way, the person that owned that car left a bottle of water in the center console. And I pounded that so sorry for drinking they bring around the other car on the valet is like, yeah, the guy that owns this car, he was actually supposed to go to the airport to pick his wife up this morning. And he didn't have a car. So we had to take him in a shuttle there and back. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. And so I said, Hey, that's my bad. That's my bad. I probably, I probably should have known what color rental car that we had. But I don't know, I will take, I'll take a certain amount of, I don't think I should have all the blame on this. But I'll take, I'll take like, 33 % of the blame. Leaving the car running and I was going to ask that part too. Yeah. Yeah. So then when I got here, I stepped out because I've been conditioned through some of the cars that I've owned that it's got like a proximity thing where you step out and then the car automatically turns off. So I'm not, I'm out of practice. Sit in the button and then taking the key. Yeah. No, I, everyone was at the first T box and I had to go return something to the car and I ran back to go returning and I was like, this car just still on still. Yeah. And it would have been still on if I didn't have to bring something back to the car. That would have been actually poetic, if somebody then stolen that car. Yeah. Yeah. After I stole somebody else's. I think I deserve like, yeah, about a third of the blame for stealing the rental car. Where's the car now? The car right now is in this parking lot. Okay. Yeah. We've got the keys. We've got the keys. I've got eyes. I've got eyes, ears on it. So yeah, I, I technically kind of partially committed Grand Theft Auto before Grand Theft Auto came out. Yeah. Listen, it happens. Felt like a badass. I mean, it's more the, the valet was probably freaking out. Yeah. That's a big mistake that they were like, it's my fault. It's my fault. Yeah. They were sweating. But I kind of wish I got pulled over driving the stolen. That would have been awesome. It is also funny that it was like, we just been doing it for like, of what? 800 yards. Yeah. Well, they didn't, that's a 12 minute walk. Yeah, uphill uphill uphill. That's that's an altitude. We did it yesterday. You would have known about the altitude. If you were there Monday, Hank, we did the walk. The other and it's hard. It's hard walk. The other full loadout. Yeah, we had full loadout. They didn't even try to call me. I figured that they would have tried to like, let me know that, Hey, this car has been described that you have, it's not yours. But I didn't know it. No one did that. Yeah. Well, whatever. Okay. My fire fest is team USA lost and I missed the fuck out of my guy Hank on Monday when we were playing golf. Yeah. That's, I really wish he was there with us. You would loved it. How'd you guys play decent? Really good on the first hole. I've got a problem that I'm trying to solve, which is I, for the last like 10 rounds that I played, I always like part of the first hole. And I feel great. And then the wheels fall off for like the next three holes. Some mental coach out there has to be able to help me with that. Max's solution was, it's good that you're nervous on the first hole. Maybe you just get too calm. You have to get re nervous. Well, you have a good hole and then you're like, Oh, I'm good at golf. Yeah. And then, and then you go to the next whole thinking that you're good at golf. And then you become bad at golf. Then I'm, then I go back to be bad. But I'm, I don't know what it is. I just, I need to just trick myself into thinking I'm on the first tee. Yeah. The starters there, starters watching and everyone else is behind you. There's, there's just more pressure on the first hole and you just relax a little too much. Yeah. There's something going on upstairs. I need, I need a psychologist or owes to contact me and let me know what to do. Also reverse fire fest. We got a resolution to the onion situation from last year. Shane, we went back to the scene of the crime and we got an apology. I demanded an apology from, from the restaurant for lying to Shane about the onions and the tuna salad. And we made the, we righted the wrong. And Shane got his, he ate with us and we had a great time. Shane, this is a famous storm out situation last year. Yeah. I mean, coming back here was obviously something that was weighing on my mind the entire time. So it was nice to, yeah, didn't want to go back. He's not lying when he says that. He, it was weighing on his mind. It was also involved in almost every conversation. Yeah. But it was weighing on your mind. And the whole, that whole day you guys like, you're ready for onions tonight? Yeah. We're like, we're going to get redemption. This is, yeah. Yeah. But it felt good, right? Yeah. Also, I hate to have beef with anybody. So like, yeah, it was the guy who was the guy who took our order was a stually, very, very cool guy. And it was very funny because we did a was like 10 of us, we all ordered. And then he came to our table. This after the apology, after we made good, Shane was like, all right, I'll order dinner. I'll sit here. I'll, I'll dine at this restaurant. They hugged it out. Yeah, they hugged it out everything. The guy comes up to our table. He's like, Hey, I accidentally deleted one sandwich. Can we just go over everyone's order again? And the one sandwich he deleted with Shane's. And I wish he had not come up and fixed that because that would have been incredible. If we had gotten all our food and your food just wasn't there. That would, that would be past the breaking point. There's no return there. That would be ultimate beef for life. Yes. Yeah. You would. And I would have had your back. I would have had your back on that one. You'd become the Joker. I didn't think you were a little bit ridiculous. You were being a little bit of a child. But the other stuff I would have, I would have been like, let's rock. How did the role play help? I feel like you were confident and calm when you had that conversation at the restaurant. I mean, yeah, anytime, anytime you can practice something, get reps in. It makes, it makes the game time a lot easier. So true. Yeah. No, I was happy you guys held me through that book. Okay. I was happy to see growth for me, Shane. Thanks. I'm growth. Yeah. So strong. Zach, my first of the week, kind of fire fist everybody, because you know, unfortunately, Portugal did lose and will no longer be able to see your knowledge of play on the world stage. Yeah. Is that true? Maybe not. Well, he did you see what happened today? Wait, wait, wait, wait, full transparency no, because it's about 9 30 and I didn't, I wasn't online that much this morning. Wait, what happened? They hired Portugal hired, uh, Ronaldo's club coach to coach Portugal for the next World Cup. So everyone's connecting the dots and being like, he's deaf in the world cup is in Portugal. Oh, so that's a hometown home team victory right there. So they're basically like, there's no way that this guy is actually retiring. He's going to do the exact same thing in four years. They're going to do it in Portugal. Portugal is actually going to qualify. Well, no, they don't have to qualify. I know. But they, they could have. They don't have to. They'll get the invite, but they could have they needed to. They don't, we don't get a free invite this year. They do. Yes, but we needed our free invite. Ronaldo never needs a free invite. Right. So he is playing. If he's going to, if he's got the club coach for real and this isn't like a sick joke, no, then that would be awesome. I'm being serious. I love that for us then. I take it back reverse fire fest. This is a cool fest. Let's go. Do you think that if Ronaldo was somewhat holding his team back in this World Cup, he's going to be better in four years? I think there's a world where he can learn from this World Cup and realize that maybe he takes a different role on the team if he does play next World Cup Cup. Not, not so much a cheerleader because he can't contribute, but more so like maybe you let somebody young guys get in. He's only specialist. Sub them in in the last minute of extra time in case he goes to shoot out. That can be one of the attributes because he's phenomenal at those even at I guess he'll be 44 when the World Cup comes around. Hopefully he can kind of take a different seat on the team and then bring one home for Portugal. That'd be, that'd be awesome. Do you think he's kind of got that would take a back seat? He couldn't do it this year, but maybe, you know, you learn growth. Yeah. Okay. But he definitely couldn't do it this year unfortunately. Yeah. I'd also like to quickly say for all the people that think I hate soccer, which I've said. This, this, this week, every night, I've just been watching soccer documentaries. Untold Jamie Vardy, one of the best documentaries I've ever seen. Basically, Liam Gallagher became like a soccer player. Did you call it a documentary? That's a good name for it. Soccer documentary. And then last time I was watching in, in Norwegian, the, the Netflix documentary about like how they qualify for the World Cup. So, all right, just, just something for the haters. All right. Take that haters. Take that haters. You should. Hank's been watching. You should have watched the US one before the world. Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't, I wasn't as into it. You're just watching other countries talking about it. Yeah. You like every other country's documentaries about soccer, except for the, I started watching this week. I'll watch it now. Yeah. Now it's, now it's, now it's pointless. Yeah. Yeah. Jamie Vardy, one's awesome. Cool. Okay. Max, you have anything? Any wedding recap? I found out that I'm, I am bridezilla. Yeah, you are. Yeah. My wife is very low maintenance and doesn't really care about like normal bride things. And I find out I really care. Because when things went wrong, I started to freak out and stress. And my wife literally couldn't have cared less about anything, but I was going around yelling at the wedding planner, yelling at the venue when like minimal things were going wrong. And it took me like a good two hours into the wedding for me to actually like enjoy it because I was stressed about things that weren't going perfectly. So I'm bridezilla. I found out I'm right. I just sent this is Max before, right before the wedding started. So stressed. Oh yeah, I was stressed. I was stressed. I'm an anxious guy. I'm an anxious guy and I wanted everything to go perfectly. But everything went perfectly, right? Yeah. Everything went great. Everything went great. Oh my gosh. I felt great in my suit. Shout out Conover Wellness for the needle. Max, do you think that maybe, maybe she's like so calm and carefree because she knows that you've got her back and that you're going to take care of it? Yeah, that's good. That's good. That's a good husband move. But wedding week was awesome. Truly like the best week of my life. I think everyone had a good time. Super fun. I won't ever do it again, but it was it was delightful. Yeah, that's a good thing to say. You don't know that. Never again. Would you renew the vows? Yeah. Yeah. Maybe you just get crazy and then we can have Hank back on to one. I'm also a crier. I'm also a crier. Well, yeah, yeah, I cried. You're an emotional Italian guy. I mean, it's a beautiful thing for At least 70 % of this, it took me until like the last 30 % of the ceremony for me to stop crying. Yeah. If you renew your, that's because somebody cheated, right? Yeah. People never say like, hey, let's just renew the vows. Or if you just want a party. Yeah, I guess a party. Yeah, I guess a party. That could also just be an anniversary party. But renewing the vows implies that maybe, maybe vows need to be renewed. Max, now you can do the, speaking of you can do the fun trick that my wife loves when I do is when I introduce her to people as my first wife. Yep. Yeah, that is. Technically true. She does not like that. Yeah, it's not funny to her. Did you guys talk about the Max and Taylor Swift got engaged the same day and married the same day? Not engaged in the same, I think we got engaged like the day after, but yes. Your wedding was better than Taylor Swift's. My wedding was awesome. It was incredibly fun and like way more fun than I was expecting, especially the day after we all went to this. Better than we wanted to go on silent. And I hadn't, I kept saying the day after was better because I was so stressed the day of about everything going perfectly. And then the next day we just got absolutely blitzed and like boat picking us up from the resort dropping us off at the island. We were there from like 11 a .m. to 5 p .m. Just, we drank so much, we drank so much wine that they had to leave the little island off of St. Martin to go onto the island to get more wine to bring it back to us. Hell yes. So it was great. It was unbelievably fun. My card did get declined and Hank did have to put it on his card. What a guy. I did pay him back, but. Nice. It was, it was. Well, it was also like it was like one of those things where it was, if it was like a club in like America it would have been like 40 grand. But it was, but it was like under 10. Yeah. It was like, I was like, I got it, I got it. And I was like, I think I got it. All right, good, good Tahoe week, boys. Another one in the books. We'll be back in studio on Sunday night. And I'll say this, Monday, big, big guests. It's an awesome, awesome interview. Happy birthday to Jessica Simpson. Love you guys. It's Fran from Chicks in the Office. It's peak summer. One plan is turning into five. But trust, I'll be wearing Abercrombie to all of them. Catch me in their Sloan Taylor Pan at work. And then the happy hour right after the Dylan dress for dinner plans when you want something easy, but still put together. And of course, they're denim because Abercrombie denim just works. No matter the plan. Keep up with the pace of summer without overthinking it. Shop in the app online and in stores.
